You know what I do is writing for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it like farmers, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and evidence.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell somewhere.
You only have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten until they bleed every week on the kids's bathroom, until a teacher saved me.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, halfway at night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Reagan who said,``I need to see.
I'm afraid that adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man to know you've already found.
And I have to tell you I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to have this please . ''
Well, next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we tried it, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to tell me as an adult came to me, it became a conference box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told them about was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work provides those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first shots.
I was amazed.
My heart heart, I was dead, trying to understand what was in front of me.
And the shots to me around the water about 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a copy of snow about another year of snow after year.
The shots are born when they wake up from glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each shot has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to slow down, and they accumulate until the end, while others can't hold them more and develop in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a slide, which are isolated and alone, as much as you see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As a slide goes down, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a slide comes down, it releases rich water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these images as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, there are that way and not going to be that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not a end, but a continuum of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a slide I photographed in Kenya, Greenland.
It's little enough to actually come to a routine slide.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the slide and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is there.
This is a fan from Greenland, of average size.
You're smiling out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so on, the slide shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the concept itself, you're not going to pay attention.
So let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to chromosome X.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is joined to chromosome X.
Both of them believe and started life.
We will talk about them later.
In my activity, I'm going to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a training story, and what I study in this case is the way people address the anatomy -- is to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role I'm going to play in my work is the activist, like patients advocate, or, as I say sometimes, advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with instant twins, two people within a same body.
I've been working with people with analysis, much lower people than the average.
And I've been working with lots of people with outliers, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in the male health and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interface.
The intersection adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the industry with X chromosomes, whose X-ray of chromosomes of chromosome and says to the protected, that we all have in the federal life, which become testicles.
And then, in the federal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual comes from testosterone receptor, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome sensitivity syndrome.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not to the puberty, when it's growing and developing the signals, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes something is happening.
After doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testes and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supermassive glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermassive glands produce angiogenesis, the hormone hormone.
Most women like myself consider a typical woman; it doesn't know their chromosomes; I think to be a typical woman most women as I are sensitive to electrons.
We produce angiogenesis and we respond to electrons.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed than the woman who was born with testes who have the syndrome sensitivity syndrome.
That's why sex is something complicated . It's not that the intellectuals are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some form they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy, and raised as they go; I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I was wearing a life as a boy and just discovered he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a self-controlled hypothesis.
It had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the superficial glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were males, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal monitoring, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of dung.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as opinions, which is, they have industrial tissues wrapped in tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are angry, twin twins, or intellectual surgery, they're not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they're set to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based normally in the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when we're presented to a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cyber.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture, in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The most nice case is last year with the South African corruption, Carol semen, set up on the trial of the sex in the Berlin International games.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine whether Cassini semen is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't take a tiny line between men and women or among men and international and international men -- we're who we are taking that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advances the science is, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable atomic categories that are correlated directly with stable identity categories -- they're much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we're going on a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact that it's just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more and more in an awkward area that we need to recognize that the simple categories that we're probably driving are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the forms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very academic discussions today, not in public, but within medicine, I mean, when somebody is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to read with this question of whether somebody was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen front of the nose, and if you move you still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we must face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this category of category could make someone like me.
In politics, I'm progressive, I'm talking to people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it gets me nervous.
And that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about.
tension of the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fan fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found me every so much looking at that music,``1976 ,"and not for music, which is completely passive.
That's why it happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an atomic concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful, and it stayed for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our parents rejected was the idea of the monkey . The monkey was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the blood right from grandfather to the father and then the son and so on.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new atomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the analytical differences . That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system in which they were spending two things.
It was spreading democracy, and at the same time, I was born science.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were melting away from supernatural explanations, and they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power, which is a whole idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, you talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were broadcasting the idea of analytical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the California Carter, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, color people who would take the atomic coincidence on the analytical difference, and again, succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking why we keep certain division.
But, attention, I want to keep some atomic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say we should get us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-old kids had to allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some atomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two ways that are called the beginning of this talk.
We've got two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months earlier: the June 1 of 1980.
Henry, in contrast, was born in terms: I was born in March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other gaps in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, though I haven't told you if it's 181, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible from the force that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still pay atomic categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could develop?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to take the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to be chromosomes, and that to marry a woman has to be chromosomes and.
Now, in practice, they don't make a chromosomes.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to electrons.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I've been a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How to judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I've got to admit that I know some of the governments that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs I know can make more informed, intelligent decisions about their sexual relationships than people who know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to run this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to get to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made to give birth twin twins and then to separate them, and so on.
But when the phone asked the reason the reason it was a very risky operation, I told me that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to.
So what I said,``Well, has you considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different analytical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in cyberspace, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered me feminist, like now made me a strange plant.
Tell me,``Tell me what the feminist has . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've ever heard . ''
The feminist has to do with rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist . ''
But the more I thought about her question, the more I've been thinking about it, there's something feminine in feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people by part of the state, it's possible that, to have introduced more mothers to this concept, we may have enriched the concept of protection with the resource support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more in relationships.
So while we try to create a more perfect meeting, let's think about what we're doing for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go to live and work, it has the possibility of choosing between at least a different handful of cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already ownership, and the other half would still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making advantage in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you will face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have norms to avoid the molecules and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those glasses.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place are making the construction instead of putting them . .
So I proposed that governments create new reforms of large enough reform, and I gave them a name: low cities.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of Honduras reform.
They knew that every year about 75 hours would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a strange constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi wolves is threatened with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
I asked October that he was his cabinet boss.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a Talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a large number of trials with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current areas of apartments.
We're paying a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies as rules to progress, and usually these are the rules that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent it to eighth, a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said,``Let's show this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York, and you know, land, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of TED Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where it starts with advanced terrain, a status that specific the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not living under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Twitter and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the dinosaurs that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world was lucky.
The public faces were very serious and attacks.
The leader leader came to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing, which a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to it could be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the status, so that they could all trust that the status effectively shut up.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly later , 19, January 19, they voted in Congress to understand their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special regions of development.
In a country that I just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress, in favor of this constitutional enemy, was 120 to one.
All the parties, all of the factors in the society, had it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another vote, from 110 to one.
Immediately after the voting, at 21 to 24 of February, a dialogue of about 30 minutes went to the two places in the world who are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that's being built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and then allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last insect court for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go to live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they would immediately want to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job, and sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for just to eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to do to insist to insist for families to choose among various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my dinosaur friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and post in my backyard, searched, colorful and different ones for each.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of penguins and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my warrior in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people; usually my money is going to a good cause; my aspect is unique; I'm buying it in my personal quest of testosterone.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my title?
I like color?
Does it cost less than 20 dollars??
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I made for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do anyone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
It's inside the way for exactly a week that I've put in my value.
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use here to Palm Springs.
And since you don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in inside, that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is a bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
All the whole set, including the jacket, was 55, and the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: The color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be wrong, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is surviving.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you won't just understand you.
Rives: New York, you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play drugs, or I remind them to their seven years.
I like to give you and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external, you don't look at you.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached this week simply for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I got home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful suit to me, if there's a little love in my heart and I look.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great application in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to control these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see as react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
It's a certain intuition that you can have developed with the years is the one which says one thing can only be in a place at once . .
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to transplant them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great model that you can have the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it a theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't go right to my logic.
Because if everything is made out of small particles, and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't be the principles of quantum mechanics?
Don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I was proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a survivor of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then we make a very large approach to the little metal traffic.
What we're seeing is a little metal piece of metal, and it's kind of supportive in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
So for the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this piece of swimming pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it, it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to upset, or in reality.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that would add it and the wind of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We go off the lights, then we introduced a aspiration and removed all the air, and then we faced it to a temperature of less than a degree above zero zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way I vibrate was like a breath in this way -- like a needle that expands and goes into.
And by giving him a soft push, we could make it work and not at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing talks and not at the same time?
So let's think of atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Really.
I'm going to be able to get into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that metal metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logic that I'm talking about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was messy in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it up, and we looked at the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that I was here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting numbers of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is explained just in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education -- I didn't complain, but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and go to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better than the demo, and then I'm showing you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from his launch.
So, simply, we go to Geographic.
Look around all the museum there.
There's the UV gallery, the MoMA, the Remindness, the Restaurants, the Gandhi.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the New York art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and Mom!
It doesn't matter where they are, Mumbai or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and divide.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened up the top flat, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
You're going to go ahead . ''
explode.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Corners"from Peter Brilliant in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the picture, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, they can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the synthetic technology.
So this picture, for example, has, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can make comfort around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was a little bit, I spoke to some people from Metropolitic, and I actually discovered that this is a game called unconscious, which is to hit an ocean with a stick of the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more deep and you'll see you really can get the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go to the picture, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to save again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually create this masterpiece?
I increase it, and I really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to reach the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, all of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a sanitation, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and I've created this function I call``The Power of the Hole ,"-- we just did a mountain around.
It's about``The ambassador"in the National Gallery Gallery.
You can tell things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpiece works.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I do justice to your artwork, and it's really represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to match the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon everyone.
I have something to show you.
Now, think it's a pixel, a floating opera.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that there's been something very interesting in the first two decades in the last two decades.
I don't do any time ago, if you wanted to win a Frank 1 career, you would take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to go in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electronics.
They're becoming a free computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and accepted.
The cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paula Antarctica for the end of the year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called``Talk to me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
It's kind of as if almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the external environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old angel of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo climbed the Moses, he said that at the end, he took the hammer, and he took him to the Moses -- you can still see a little movie underneath and said,``Don't you stop? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I'm going to spend in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of them remember, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Kiribati, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now, let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colorado in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the evening there are people here and there's called, moving.
It starts the party: silence.
Gulf of France . Golden.
It's expensive; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . It's the ultimate time.
First time, the second time.
Institute, and in a moment, the head.
Man Italy, yeah!
That night all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they were all at the middle of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called circus City, where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: not people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about our objects.
So this is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they're self-constructed.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash on the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to label what they were laughing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all going to throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started track it.
These are the results.
Stop from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you're looking at every day that the cup that we throw down, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague from MIT, Asia Bernigal, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zambia.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of the water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that you have a box and valves, solar valves, languages that are open and closed.
It's created as a water glass, water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And in closing, the curtain will open up so that we can go, as you see in the picture.
And we presented this to the Bell mayor.
He liked a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Palm.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it for you to go.
The roof is also covered from water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the satellites, you get the ceiling down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``Defecated the building . ''
No, no, it's not that they've done it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappear.
Here it is in function.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not let the sensors open the water.
I think I should tell you what one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zambia came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to leave, but a building I kept making cut and water holes, and one had to jump to not.
( Sound of people) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things for interacting, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which is moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
But normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom up, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When light comes up, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with a entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt, one of the best ballet dancers today, the Secretary star in New York and the Milan Academy to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entrance for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, capture it in different resolution.
It's so much 3D diagnosis in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for London Olympics in London.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cross of clouds like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all a little bit of a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two decades is that in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to tackle the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how will the digital world go from the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud they're pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but in London.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the primary moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital pad at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are??
Suppose I told you that, with just some changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- by a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure about yourself?
How about good health?
Or maybe they're those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity .) creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It's probably due to the amount of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would pick memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something about this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or is maybe possible?
Evolution has been a topic, but in the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, TV . Doager, who also matched in the European Korean Church, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes sense except the light of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, that we're interested in.
We set out from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 different species of hominid.
Some have gone and come back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take on the most bacteria than cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Ann Carter raises you, you think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very chopped.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It really is like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the exit.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what's the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as species?
Or are you destined to become a different thing, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies; the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little story of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
And when I got into the university, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in endless organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters.
But when the organisms appear, things begin to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: With the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the innovation of the body death enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I've got to tell you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment, but with every year that happened, every time he had more doubts.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burroughs, who still acted in the 1990s.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, it's a wonderful dancer dancer.
And he looks at him and says,``I came for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working through a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution consists of spending genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbit, and then let the sea.
I think we're all going to understand the feeling that Google Allen, when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or faster and even smarter.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the territory bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish hidden to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a charged environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase? I would say that there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confused our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, we circle, and we're excited so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation required.
A second possibility is that it's produced an evolution of traditional, natural type, imposed by nature's forces.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution roll forward, but they're invisible.
And in terms of isolation, when we're able to put distant planets, there are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility, intriguing and terrifying.
The neocortex call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen??
How could we get to do this??
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more varieties than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you could be able to be able to choose not only sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the support?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It cost 200 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near 20,000 and a week.
It won't be a lot to be done for the human genome for 1,000 and more and more and more of all.
They come out of those changes.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if they were able to change the sperm and the flights, or change the egg, a better opportunity of a healthier life, to remove diabetes, eliminate the hypothetical, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier kids?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease, will also allow us to adopt sneakers -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could put it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster control muscle that lets us run faster and faster?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be unstable.
And when we're in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years, and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making it clear, click, click.
Clearly, click, click, click . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight seats.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot releases the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The engines hit.
Imagine being in a plane and no noises.
And then three words said.
The three most devastating words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk to the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
As I thought about that later, I came a phrase, which is,``Columbia wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gave my ego.
And I regret the time that they didn't care about people who did matter.
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonder.
I'm no longer trying to get right; wind will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were laughing, I had the feeling of, Wow, I didn't fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness is taken in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of art talent -- still, and scream, cry, like a little . .
And for me, that was all the reason in the world.
At that point I realized, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle, not dying that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live differently.
You who are flying today, I challenge them to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but how do you change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the greatest one I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDGlobal.
TEDWomen was one of the most important farmers in the '80s.
One day came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDGlobal has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something introduced that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to Twitter to Tony, TEDGlobal, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't I see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anybody to see the film``The Strawberry and butterflies? ''
They communicate in that way -- they're going to go through the finger.
I said,``That's architecture . How can it be? ''
So I introduced me with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I was committed to her brother and his father there at the moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to it again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their interior can't communicate . ''
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS``graffiti Restaurance Lab ,"which have a technology that lets them project a light in any surface, and then, with a laser dot, they draw about that and register negative space.
So they go out there doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a few years later, after a lot of organization and a lot of it, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine for TEDGlobal to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it Edinburgh because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world literally of all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and me, moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and competitions and ancestors, took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we went back, they would have taken the frames of the walls and in their place would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the shipping side of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called ELA, and you can see the description.
It's a couple of cheap gas glasses that we bought in the shipping floor of Venice Beach, a little bit of copper wire and Homer Departic and Radio Shakespeare.
We took a CSI camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we publish the software for free software.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital who can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you . That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TV room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this burning and yellow during the big location.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he came to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to dive in the parking, so we felt like we were choosing the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this is what he said to us,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater and somebody finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful??
In some way that's our war of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all sorts of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong touches something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventors, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle is that in April of this year at the center of Los Angeles at the center of Los Angeles, there is going to be an exhibition called``Art in The Street . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best expectations of the Bangladesh urban art, Shakespeare Faiza, Charles all are going to be there.
TEDGlobal is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, this is basically my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Chinese nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I didn't do anything with eye recognition; I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it's not now, when?
Thank you very much.
I've spent the last few years going on in general situations, and at the same time, such a dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard . .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous . .
Film in war zones -- hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days only this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in much of my career, I've been immersed in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully, analyze them in a way that looked entertaining and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor, I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard, or not, a couple of weeks ago, a plane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, and I offered the rights of my TED TED of 2011.
What was the next thing:``A USDA presented, my TEDTalk, which you have no idea what it is, and according to the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company.
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So even with that leap, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I hadn't been able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gone into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, and I could nothing as hard or as dangerous as I would go into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spielberg: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The largest film I ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest film I ever sold"is that all of top at the bottom, from principle at the end, has images of brand, all the time, from the curvature that appears before the title, X X.
Now this brand, Calmaga Star, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film to the permission.
And so the film explored all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's red . ''
I'm a red goal . (MK: I just say it .) It was more by emphasis.
It was``Per Persian . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the pattern of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure we're taking all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we'll sell a shoe and become the most cool shoes that you've used.
The most cool car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best path you've been drinking, cut``The largest film I ever sold . ''
Max Kahn: The idea is so besides showing the brands as part of life, making them you fund the film? (MS: To make you fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The complete film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, in principle to end.
And I would love to help me make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect of the audience.
Wow: However, I don't know how effective people will be to that.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it take to do this?
MS: A million and a half . . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for them, but certainly it's going to be worth convinced to a pair of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, look like a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be?
JK: Both things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) Amazing.
MK: We need to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge . ''
MK: We have some places where it will go . (MS: Good!) (MS: All right .) (MS: Good .) ''
MS: I thought that the camera meant we had a conversation out of microphone.
The camera means,``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these suddenly disappeared companies.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce it to the product to as many people as possible, to make as many people as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graduate mistake and that mistake was this.
Not really, no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your rodent, Sergey Brian . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by vision or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to it, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still keeps going.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
You're going to take a whole bowl of Congo White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story and said,``No, we want to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he's looking at me as I used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiraboli of many years, I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take out the Internet and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn up -- -- -- which I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and other people who make small, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giants, say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest film I ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically in the film?
Every time I'm to come out, every time I open my button, you'll see the dead Bang.
At any moment during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should make a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these fabulous weapons.
Now,``Florida Florida"as``paradise winds"will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men, for women, solid, on board, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a positive view.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you told, and we're more good.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, I'll remind you the reason why this is why we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Tony?
They're in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``cold"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you very much more time? It's better, more fresh, three times cooler.
Things like those who are raising the benefits.
MS: And that's a multinational company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mom my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to reveal the '80s, patriotic skating unless it's day.
MS: All right, what is the brown brand??
Gehry: something unique . (( MS: unique .) Man: I guess the type of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
And usually I take access like sun goggles, or I like the crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conventional ,"memories Bernard.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a casual flight . ''
Woman 2: In part, in part, in part, in part of a Boiler, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
You saw toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand . .
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Frank school failure.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer . .
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour ,"and I'll get married.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called smell Zambia in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Hallett to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Travel the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your sense of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origin and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life.
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be??
MS: It's like who I would like to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``why do you care about that? ''
What's the male? What's the police?
Why is it important to record? What does the red??
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you had??
You don't have to have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you??
MS: Stop! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient . (MS: Good job) (MS: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
King Zalan: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Spielberg is a compelling brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them to become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands like?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see also here to Tibet, Wired, minister of Michael Cooper and Jefferson.
There are now playful brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a school brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A school brand . What is your brand??
If somebody asks you to describe your identity identity, your personality personality, what would it be?
Are you a adjacent attribute? Is anybody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more likely to be a descendants?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The crash attributes are like being a little bit of a little bit like the prince, construction, contemporary, adventure, advanced or bold like Erik Flare, fast or agile, professional, magic, magic or mystical like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than advertising?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 800?
Are you established, traditional, providers, protective, , you identified with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, trustworthy, safe, secure, complete, , like the Dalai Lama or syringe?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, accidents and descendants, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the history story, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the advertising to free air.
In the whole city for the past five years, there are no valleys, there's no posters, there's nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are making way in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the greatest answer, or I've been most successful, are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took out the intermediate, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has you been??? Did they succeed??
Well, since the film goes in the Federal Festival, let's take a look.
According to Berlin, the film gets in January, and since then, it's not all over 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no television.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in the atmosphere.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong, because almost all the agencies that we're talking about in their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you're risk, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of your risk, you're preparing your whole company for reward.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
Let's open the fear . We open the risk.
From a cliff at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in definition, we have to encourage transparency.
More than ever a little honesty is going to go through a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``Give us the Transparency"has been presented by my good friends of PMS who for $7,000 bought the names of the name in eBay.
MM: It's going to become great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
MS: We said,``Give us the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $7,500??
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check in my pocket, and I have a name of the name of the TED matrix of TED, the Apple Foundation, a $13.7 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the Stevana computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of the rise of Uganda in Nairobi.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we're able to engage these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with corruption.
gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put Windows effective viruses in a laptop, using an engineer to trust this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Windows installed.
The target goes into the gray box, gives the centrifuge, and nuclear nuclear program is Democrats; it's fixed mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
And when we started researching about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple damaged vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
And that called the attention, and we started an experiment where we invented our environment with Steven and we saw what happened with this.
So they passed very strange things.
Steven was behaving like a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely direct . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Steven does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, an energy plant in America, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we'll discover the goal soon.
So we removed, and we declared the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big.
We also saw that they were highly armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots to attack.
They probably know how much the operator takes.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Steven's installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old transformative language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them with the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about disasters that we can test or challenge.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent taste, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the delivery plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Give me a list of all experts in centrifuge and power plants between our clients . ''
And I called them and took them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital toilet with the control of the rotate.
The driver is that mobile part within the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotate, you can certainly put it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and puzzling in an obvious effort to return crazy engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital divide looking very closely to data and their structures.
And so, for example, the number 1968 in that code, you can't be able to get it.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in Nairobi and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and each waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These conversations in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
It's almost identical.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So, so that it didn't.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We were basically finished in streets without exit, and we had to go back.
Yet, we found out that both digital neighbors would take a single and very goal, but from different angles.
The small toilet is taking a waterfall, and he's going to spin the borders and raising them, and the big gay is communicating with six inches and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry that other goals are achieved by Steven.
Here I show you a few interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and above you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still exists during the attack, with false data data.
And, you know, believe or not, these fake input data is pushed by Steven.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera is feeding video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not only going to do the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to erase a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great vapor turbine goes from speed, you have to open escape valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And the operations and the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with controllers, with uranium entertainment.
It could work also, for example, on an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- and you don't have -- which is going to spread this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use conventional tech technology to measure it.
Design the most possible thing.
And if you did that, what you would end up is with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We must face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume the mosquito is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Long: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . OK.
My opinion is that the mosquito is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for taking us . Thank you, Ralph.
Now, I want you to imagine a robot that can be carried, and that it's going to be underwater skills, or another one that is going to use wheelchair of wheelchair and go back to walk.
In``Berkeley Biosphere"called these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different than something that gets in the morning, gives one big force, that also increases its speed, and helps him, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, in average, it must take on its back, a 45 kilos load, and it's being demanded to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to focus on this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Court charges.
Soldier: with the HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 kilos by variable terrain for many hours.
Your flexible design, it allows you to put together and execute movements with great ambiguity.
You perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then my strength and my resistance.
Edward bless: We are ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around, in wheelchair chairs, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in virtual column that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that gets very quickly multiply.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated, is the wheelchair . .
And this has been like that for the past 500 years, from its success, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELA that's using Amanda Bozza who's 19 years ago, he had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bowled: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our LED, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Now, you're totally not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the motors, and in the knees, and they make it forward with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down the bottom of it.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor entered my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, I've allowed me to learn to slow down down, climbing rocks and even riding in a bike bike.
But they haven't invented anything that lets me walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but Amanda, and all users of wheelchair, all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bat, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Arabic man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much Hindi in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence has not yet seen.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understanding of big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary theory of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been provided by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the first World War . .
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill it, and a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure.
And yet, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden to the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes,``do love, not war ,"since they have frequent and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than Lake Square.
The bonobos, like humans, love to play over their lifetime.
It's not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation generation -- interactions of interactions, behaviors, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots same from laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look what it's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``he's got it away from balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, and also how game requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time, it's the most fun.
But play is philosophical.
The game is philosophical, you can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is required.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who's playing with water . .
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comfort comfort.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
The game is not embarrassing.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and desperate.
When it looks like least, it can be the moments that are the most urgent.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fire as a captain of captain in a body of volunteers.
And, in our city, where the volunteers combine a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the fire site very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found captain, I was angry in a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, and she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, described, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I was, called reading Lexi first to the captain, and this asked him to go in and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was so upset! ''
There was a lawyer or a money management, which, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who I entered in a call, to save a live being only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a German.
He said,``Bess, I need to go back home.
I need to go up, run the fire, and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
The swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the royal firemen, and that at least had ended up off the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back to the ladder where I met my instincts and the lovely dog on the main door.
We got out of the house the trials for the house of the house where, as it was expected, his testosterone got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house in the house by the courageous effort shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that somebody had reached him even a pair of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood as in my voice as a voluntary fireman, I'm an act of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from acts of thank and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned??
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining store, they get a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they go into the game; save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, it comes back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
And essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LED came up with this.
It was called automobile sympathy brick.
And in a few years, LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LEDs made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacked together on a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Liberian.
I'm going to show you how they work.
LIGO are electronic modules each with specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green with light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, that's here, and now we have an intermediate light.
And we add this tiny tube to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Library are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, Leonardo allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind LIGO is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced in the world.
Lucas, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given Librans to kids to see them with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they begin to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of an elevator stay open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also brought Library to design schools.
So, for example, designers without an electronic experience start playing with LIGO as a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and forest, we have George creating.
( metal noises) A few weeks ago, we took Library to designers at Rhode Island design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active conference cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a length of plastic that has fear of the darkness.
For these not engineers, LIGO became another material, electronic became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
So Lithard has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company for us to engage with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can develop a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue to leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do I take time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Cope for America, and they would be like some of the peacekeepers of peace.
We select some limbs every year, and we put them to work with the council.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world . .
They made big applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know Al.
It's a hospital of Boston City.
Here it looks like I'm looking for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody's clean when you're attracted by the snow because you know it's not very good enough, when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did he get help in this unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Metzane members for America . ''
They were there in February, and at that time, I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these headlines.
But one of the members named Erik Microsoft noticed something more: that citizens would clean with sticks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, developed an application.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You agreed to clean it when you die.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't, somebody can bounce.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no government's technology does.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible for the House City system to see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami signals.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people were stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens look at the tapestries.
And Chicago had just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread out of friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition generally takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that far has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an application that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning board to the government institution.
It suggests the world's best ways to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without constraints, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to tackle the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an acquired institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Delandan for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given with the government.
You feel a big frustration to that, but you don't complain, you fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the film at the DVD, and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is, in essence, in Tim Orien words,``What we do together because we are not . ''
Now, many people have left the government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to do it, because things are changing.
The politics doesn't change; the government does.
And because the government in the last end of us -- remember that from``We, the village"?
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government consists to choose people to take charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, a bit of surgeons.
This is the phone care center and information.
It's the place that you call the calls if you're 11 in America.
Scott attacked this call.
It's``Zaita"in the official knowledge base.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And finally he said,``Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put good music and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So the Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the cracks.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, website and mobile, called Citisting Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very intelligent people in the Office of Boston University from Boston.
One day, this really happened, this asked,``Zillian in my garbage cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The Diagram Congo dynamics is different.
Scott was talking to people.
In Citistics connect, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I got to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Girl? Yes . living? . Yes.
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet shining . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the conflict of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services to be needed, but the neighbor is a better and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
Many people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Unfortunately, it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt what keeps us that it belongs to us that we're going to fund something that operates in our against, that other thing, and we're losing the power.
People believe politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sensitive.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That's the Philapse movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report from 320 pages in response to the financial reform project on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't predict the government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to represent the function of government, so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years so that I, to Republicans, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk . They're all going to talk.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care very much to do your voices.
You're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up, by taking evil out, looking at a garbage cube that has a grid inside.
Of course, we could always have clean those headlines and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prison, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the dictionaries in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on the slavery in Virginia about 1849.
She was born about 883 and his experience with slavery as looked at the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little girl, and I looked at it, she came up and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I used.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and he was like,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him no, I was struck again, and if I said yes, I left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture her time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, pulled up the room, and he took my hand, and he said,``You see Brian . The two are going to turn it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mommy . ''
She said,``Now I'm not going to do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down and said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you will always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise that always the care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mommy, I'll do it . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mommy . So I'll do it . ''
Then finally, he said,``The third thing I want you to do is you'll never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mommy, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I've got a brother a year, and a sister of a single year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beer package, I don't know where I pulled them, I would grab my sister and me and we went for the forest.
We're just doing the crazy ones.
He took a beer set, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's good . You go on, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today, you do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I got up with it, and I went on,``Oh, you're not going to be you're still thinking about conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mommy tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was missing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they don't really see.
We can't get to do things that don't believe power to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban.
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit us.
Now, I try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much argument, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One of every three black black between the age of 18 and 30 is in prison or in conventional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in prison or in conventional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but wealth.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're privileged of rights forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has been definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it at the next 10 years, the loss of loss loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were passing the law to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where they sit to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no chance to get out . .
Now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crime crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes made, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine executed people, it's identified one which is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
A mistake rate, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to never be allowed if every nine you would wake up, you would have to be stars.
But somehow we isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to the Second World War.
We don't really know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be slowed.
I worry to be bombarded.
The threat of terror was what their lives defined.
Now there are older people who come to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, make speeches . Give people to stop saying that in our history we've been dealing with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I mean we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregated and decades of racial hearing and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
So all the time we're hanging with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome the racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good worry about what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We naturally will never have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``There's no way for our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people . ''
Remember this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would take people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these things so hard, the positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are fascinated by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We're lately talking about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the awake, those who will never get to TED.
And thinking about them is, in a way, something that is within us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes from not only brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well by heart convictions.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and messy, but also in the dark and the hard.
Vacent Haiti, the great leader leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in places of despair and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, has to commit us.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusive, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
We're going to find them.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer, to meet Ross Park.
These women are getting together just to talk.
And occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, the lady Park comes . We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Yes, sir . Yes . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very violent, very lit.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Park was headed to me, and he said,``Now, Brian, give me this idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving me my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in prison.
We try to end up with mass incarceration . ''
I gave her all my best speech, and I looked at me, and he said,``Hmm centimeters . ''
And he said,``You're going to end up, very exhausted . ''
At that moment, Mrs. cameras came up, he put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a chance.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very inspiring, very inspiring, very stimulating, we're not going to be judged by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but in the way they treat poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we begin to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel quiet . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It's tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reactions in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of rain.
I go to jail, and I look at my 13 and 14 years, who have been trained to be judge as adults.
And start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone in what's not?
The judge kept it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake, thinking -- by God, if judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a molecule.
I had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black . .
I started working on the motivation, with a meeting that said,``Music for my black client of 14 years to be treated as a 75 years, executive of a corporation . ''
In the reason, I was able to have a behavioral behavior in the performance, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a terrifying line about how in this country is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that instant motivation would be a dream, or did I write it?
For my horror, I didn't just have it, but I had sent it to the cut.
It was about two months, I had forgotten.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I got into the car, and I felt really inappropriate, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very hard and slow.
I finally got off the car . I walked to the court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man; it was the advice of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you lawyer?"I said yes.
So I got closer and I opened.
And I got in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was violence.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
At the way, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you were writing this lovely machine? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. I ,"and we started to argue.
People started coming . They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those crazy crazy ones.
They came out of the cops, the puzzles.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all of them because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the anger of the eye, I agreed to see the consensus that I went and came.
I looked through the window, and I got to hear all that gray.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with worry face, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the counter, a supernova assistant was shown, because the crash had entered the room.
The assistant was lifted on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me, and he said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who kept her view in the goal . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragments, compassion and justice.
And above all of them, those of us who share this, I just want to tell you that they're going to keep the view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a evidence of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that isn't a check . What can we do?
Bess: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reform, this spring in which you're going to make an effort to bring the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty, in the next five years -- billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of men's cases don't conclude in arrest.
56 percent of violence don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This device is going to propose that these funds are set up to make a law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to those who think that?
BC: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we let us become convinced by punishment rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people on a perpetual chain -- to rob a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of bin Laden.
Doctor 2: famine in Somalia . Locker 3: The police pink gas gas.
Doctor 4: Carter 5: Mozart 5: marine creatures.
Doctor 6: social decline . social depression : 65 dead . .
Doctor 8: Alexander nine: cybercriminals.
Several crazy doctors: War to traffic . massive destruction . Toronto.
Remember . Bank . finally . Eve . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . Death . Described.
Oh, God!
Peter Diamandas: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they might be in the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second, our senses are getting a lot more data than the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient excerpt of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Oregon and records all information for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a tens of stories we would prefer to look at the negatives.
That old reference of the press,``If there's blood, you sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, is not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it doesn't.
Perhaps, instead, what's really happening is we get distorted.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extinction of species, water scarcity and energy, without doubt we have.
As human beings are very good, we're very good to avoid problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
We looked at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled, the average income income per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, from transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we keep putting expectations increasingly high.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America today, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile air, air conditioning and cars.
The cheap men in the square century, the employers on the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
To support a lot of this is technology, and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that shows up in the information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in decline, in depression, in the rise.
It's the rapid of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And even though it's recorded on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computer in the cloud, which my friends from autism call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the nanotechnology and the A.I . .
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Watson from Watson?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline to have.
And I loved this:``Watson sent human opponents . ''
I'm not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil, and I, we launched a new university called American Universal.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to link a company, or a product or service, which can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each of the people on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and turning it abundant.
You see, scarcity is context and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon II in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But King's king, I ate with aluminum covered.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and the satellites.
But then the electrons came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disgusting.
Let's try this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based on 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 minutes every 80 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the default generation : 8,800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents the pound of time compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about war wars.
Remember when Carl Sagan did the spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
It takes a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I would like to share with you, I was allowed to do this -- your technology called Singapore, you know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water on any day of any saltwater source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that's okay, and I have full confidence that so to be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 600 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent reduction of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have ever predicted.
Now, better than that, the things that you and I've paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars GPS, video H, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they are democratized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is, when they're using health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Campaign Foundation, something called the X-ray Prize Time , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they're talking about, and because it has A.I, they can take, you can get blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence you sequence RNA or DNA that you don't recognize, call the health and, in the first place, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the range of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to address the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion people never heard before the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What are you going to consume? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to be able to get healthier at territory, from a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more of humanity, healthy and productive health?
What about a few hate voices?
What if we give them to oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could act for the first time?
What would these 3,000 billion??
What if they're contributions that we can't predict??
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that could only make big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end out sharing a story that I'm really excited about.
There's a program that maybe some people know.
It's called Fold.
It went in the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be folding.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a properties problem.
They've played with these college teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people got married and started to play it.
And it's been shown that today, the recognition machine of human patterns is better than the best computers than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the British innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the corruption of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1858.
You may think you're going to be able to get pizza, but it didn't.
It actually picks fish.
And I described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the sign.
It was just fishing it up to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and elsewhere, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochure still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a language in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be interested.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The flu was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were tickets of about 20 inches, the black bar tissue.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant, and he was going for a good moment, so he won over the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half.
They killed the five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to be able to get the introduction fishing fishing in the Asian Southeast.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s of development projects.
Pediatric development used to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to implement industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, called The Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in Southern China's South Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured that was kind of cool.
We captured, right now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were spines, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs on some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then the commercial fishing starts.
The background happens to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a language.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were shot because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen pick every time they go to an area where they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, on the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, lots of orders, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of change.
And at the end of the end, I will keep a few remains.
And that, very much, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you get extinct, is little enough.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't be perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very frequent because we're fishing them.
Over time, there are few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, will matter that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a way before it isn't the way they expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like captain such as a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or usually not use the scientists of fishing, because it's not science.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instant societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can be able to make a protected marine area.
Because with the marine areas protected, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to conceive because the score point has been running, and it's incredibly low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their part.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I think there's the arts and the cinema maybe you can fill the gap . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay.
There were a long time ago, there were gray whales in the Captain Bay , 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that math and tons are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Averal", if you think why people moved with the film without talking about the story of Princeton, why would you get the images?
Because it works something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one I'll give, is Cameron, to do``Average II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Losani, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos get viral and what importance has.
We all want to be stars: celebrity, singers, comedy -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make famous on the Internet in a bloody.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage is viral, it gets infinite vision and cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communities of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Voice: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow!
Huh, wow!
KA: Last year, Beatrice Veronica published this filmed video out of his house in the National Park of Yemen.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular summer of the past summer.
Berkeley is not going to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call Metzane Mountain Bergeau.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jim Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that would take the video to the popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim presented us new and interesting things and led them to a wider public.
Rebecca Blue: It's Friday, Friday, you have to start Friday . You all want you to get the weekend, the end of week . Friday, Friday, you're starting Friday . KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Redword Blue is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
Like``rainbow rainbow ,"this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask these other peaks, you're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J Nelson, from Microsoft Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter . .
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends can adopt a view and share it with a wider public, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 members of Friday on YouTube.
Only in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by wasting it or doing something new with that.
\" Dan Cat"is a sudden animation with a music . .
That's the way it is.
This year, you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet tech community.
There were remix.
Somebody made a version to old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this??
Who could have predicted``Archie rainbow"or Redword Black or``Dan Cat"?
What could you have written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video went up for minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the crutches in New York, admit that I'm not too interested.
Casey Nigeria: I was stuck by not circular, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and his humor, Casey Nigeria made five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all of the new things we do creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Voice: What does this mean??
Oh . .
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative communities of participation, which is completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, a new culture, which we all have access to, and it's the audience that defines the popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrity in the world, Justine Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story done.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burn the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communist comes in in Sudan, facing the fact that their life had been totally on vain.
The words, for both friends, now they were fighting it.
It was collected in silence.
It died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to catch us, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you're going to stay down to the sea.
My mother, Mao, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a convenient marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was amazing for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years, that challenges the fiction, a boat went down to the sea ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were the pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a sentence with poison.
If we were captured, we would first take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the way it's going in every wave, and the horizon and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and I couldn't fix for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we were in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Founder, a class suburbs whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Foresember, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English had been exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned, and established an extra degree in English and math, no matter what you should take, which was generally new clothes; it's always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the troops, because it had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful quantities on the boards, and some graffiti,``Asia, come home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me was eradicated.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to take them out . ''
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were told about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a shop store, then he studied to be skeptical and opened another business.
And women would come with their stories about men who could not make the transition, angry and unhappy kids and kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic student, implicated with what I was talking about myself.
In the other, I was interested in private lives, tragically displaced by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was my last year of lawyer, they chose me the young Australian young year.
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, Le, American resident of Founder, was now so recent, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covered.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an inner suburbs -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finished the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting over every one and being asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the ship.
The``not"had ever been an option.
\" Do it ,"he said,``You're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about youth and education, and the detection to the marginalized and divided them.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was used to talk.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my library, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There was another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift gift.
Because being inside can easily mean the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the pressures of your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world goes down, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be encouraged.
There was an energy there, an unpredictable optimism, a rare mix of humility and value.
So I follow my intuition.
I put together a little group of people for who the slogan``can't do"was an unsustainable challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup of soup that we all shared.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Combations was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised.
At 17, it became comfort of a Mandarin whose mother hit her.
With no support of his husband, I caused a magazine to demand it and take the cause herself, and much more quickly, when he won.
It can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to fire.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Foundation, and we sat around his attack.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" You haven't used it . ''
If there's a nerves in our family, that running through women.
Because we were, and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have made it easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could wish that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a way in their lives, holding value in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon of nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see them safe, I would.
Three Neil, and also the mother of that is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sharma Alexander singer.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of old Indian optics``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days, when Indians wanted to travel out, we took a car and we used the sky.
Now we do it with planes.
At that time, when Arab, the great Indian warrior prince, had silk, would take a bow and with a floor to the floor, got water . .
Now we do the same thing with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was very sad.
Every time I felt a little bit more.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a claim if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
My grandfather gave me his grandfather's silver religion.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a dead door to a world full of images, of pirate and barriers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They go to our inspiration.
That's why I launched, I went to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multicultural.
But what does that look like??
I'm just about to launch Kentucky, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers over every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several moments, I get a card -- the iPad knows where thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but that magic magic, those ideas that we've opened from children.
For some reason, the fireflies on a jar always got me exciting.
So, over here, we have to include the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they lit your way into the book of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with girl was that a whole galaxy would be able to be on a pocket.
So here, every book and every world is transforming into a pocket that I drag towards this magic device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all the fantasy books, there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, diving and guide during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary time.
This is what you're going to do here.
We've all heard of the beaches and the songs, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you throw them up?
These poor ancestors have been trapped in the cameras of Indonesia for millennia, in an old and ugly book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked, pasted to their PC, have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, rocks, guards and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex, and then tag it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a email and says,``Oh, I saw a horror . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking.
Within the various connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we planted to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video left video, and you see, you see a group of animated owners that appear on the inside of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of wind and blow them together to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology approaching one another.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves the natural world and the magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of Hitler projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Cambridge University was to get to a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she looked at a little coffee cup or tea and asked patients, family and known: What happens? ''
How can we help?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems why everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the Hitler projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi muscle . It's very simple.
It's got a pill.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need a catastrophic assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my Wi-Fi muscle, and before I get to my car, people begin to talk to me: Lucifer, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little array connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients assume a position, they're going to recover control and to be captive of their own boat, but also can help us care about health because of the challenges that we face, as the firing costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by cross-time.
And one of the things that we did with you with you with you.
We all have shipping controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic characters are in Manhattan.
And also where all the gasoline are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest CEO to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where to get the ALS lives right now.
What we did was to do cross-time in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public that, if you see an DSM, please look at it, give them where, and when it's open, since sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Desteries already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an application for iPad.
We created an application for Len, augmented reality, to find these DSM.
And every time you're in the city of Manhattan and somebody collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest NSA, which can save life.
And from today, I would like to present this, not only as DHQ 40, which is the name of the product, but also like DHC.
And we would want to start at the world.
We're going to all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA cross-time around the world.
Every time they're vacation and somebody collapsed, it can be a relatives or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I would also like to invite companies all over the world that could help us value these designs.
They could be message services or television people, for example, to see if the Ansari who shows is still in place.
Please help us on this and not just improving health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mixed with my previous passion, but it was a little different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, right now.
I thought anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin by pushing the crowd.
photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful ones at the time, but the common goal of keeping the level of waste.
And when I say removed I say photographic.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's got more to capture an idea that with a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What does the illusion create??
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundation are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way you can create something that seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's get to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem really realistic, I think are those that we don't even think about -- things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that I will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the photos combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are filled with these requirements; they were taken to the same altitude and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture is made.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And in personal, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so it seemed more dry.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it's missing planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here's each piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram, anybody who took from me.
I'm not so interested in showing the details, but the general aspect.
It's about an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other people we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the performance scale.
Now, talking about technological curves is something new.
Here's something strange.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please follow the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we draw technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to practice, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sex curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it's a quantitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microwave, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But don't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development, which every few years forward orders of magnitude.
The question I want to argue is -- look at these exponential curves, we see they don't follow.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It would happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve, I know like this until it goes up something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
To be like this, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
So in this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is that that new way that the world adopted?
What new state does the world go??
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future is still 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been infected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different that it's going to make no sense anymore.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we see the way those chemicals organized, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, which is that, at that moment, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them wrong in the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet . .
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide them, they had an additional distribution of the chemicals that contain.
So every droplet was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differentiate being better than the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more, they were getting more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of the abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand very well, these bits learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they elaborate in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2,500 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living will be expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 blocks of white dust that I try to hide people of safety security.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I took it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a Egyptian, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it out of the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells were happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming these cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin, and they were caught to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together on that, and they set up a synergy.
In that way they survive or failed together, which is that if a community was very successful, all the individuals in that community would replicate more and they were famous by evolution.
And the inflation point happened when these communities got closer, so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together like one organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate her.
That could happen during the life of an organism, because they had built these processing structures of information that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures extremely accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here, and I'm sitting out, and hopefully by building a similar, vague, confused idea, in their heads that I put up certain analogy with me.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've begun to make abstractions.
So now we spend similar periods to multiple organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computing, the computer tape, the CDC, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than what we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You already saw the evolutionary example of God where I produced certain evolution with the community program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, language and less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess some of it is the right word to name something that accelerate its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we observe in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I earn life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of China Gates, we think about an abstraction level, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that couldn't be, it comes much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes the methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence footage sequences?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, run all those programs, and take those who are more care about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are closer to order.
Of course, it's unlikely that a few random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, thankfully, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task? ''
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that were best ordered the numbers.
And we're going to reproduce them following a processing process to sex . ''
So let's take two programs, which will deliver children, who exchange suburbs, and kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs product from the combination of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Again.
It introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and I repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in a absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they're going to make it close.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
And once I was going in a 747 with Mars Michael and he pulled a card and he says,``Look at this.
It says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight .'"Don't you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started depending on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering is.
But we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes increasingly fast, and so I think it seems as confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're dropping.
And we're at an analog moment to the industrial organisms when they became multiple.
We are the threats and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the inflation point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think stop standing here before I get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to allow me to be part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Sea is.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be``Roman rules ,"he talks about statistics and using them to form a great team of baseball.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a bat that pays 300.
That means the baseball is effectively killed, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being caught, and that anyone who's trying to throw it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300 bat in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 hits, about four.
legitimate -- like Lake Ted Williams, the last largest league player of baseball to executed more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have apartments, and they're dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two pink arteries, and their family doctor is derived to a cardiologist whose record in anthropology is 200.
But you know something?
She's improving remarkably this year.
And their actions have been 757.
This is not working.
But I would ask you.
What do you believe that has to be the average of a heart surgeon, or a prosthetic surgeon, a nurse or a genocide object?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a newspaper.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I included, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I abstract when I was in medicine school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a partner in the high school said that Brian Goldman was all to a blood exam.
Such.
I studied in my little destination, in the University of the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
Out of my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the edge, the ultimate diagnosis, and not usual.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney application.
And while so much, more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And you've got from medicine school with the impression that if you memorized everything, then you would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm going to get out of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Wright lady.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought Mr. Wright to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time, I was assigned to the credit service.
And when they were emergency, I was able to go to a cardiologist to go to that patient.
And to inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Wright, I was playing.
I heard a crazy sound.
And when the shield, I heard a sound sound on both sides, which gave me a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of fighting blood forward, blood goes to lungs, they're full of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give.
And I gave him a paradigm and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him a little bit diameter, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I ate the first mistake; I sent her home.
I actually made two mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief chief.
I didn't put up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and tell him to him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to get rid information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could care about my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who would say,``Wow, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Wright,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance together with the Democrats took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I pack to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking where my car was to go home . At that moment I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the service service service.
And there's another nurse, not the one who would care about Mr. Wright before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular one in emergency, and it's that we see the patients.
The three words are: Do you remember??
Do you remember the patient who sent his house?? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She got good.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
When I've gone from an hour of having come home, after I gave her the high, I suffered a collapse, and his family called 911; the Democrats brought her to emergency with an annual pressure of 50 millimeters from Hans, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medicine to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and pulled up to the spinal cord.
I had a mix of feelings because then they would stabilize it in an intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
It had an unsustainable brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go . Mr. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was fascinated by it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt only, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the chips and never made that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a love.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure I'm holding things and make sure that they don't demand me.
And I kept asking me those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat a stupid mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Shortly, that feeling was happening.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out of the sun, and I was wondering if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was wandering the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it went.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at her throat, was a little colored.
And he was preparing it and sent him to his house.
But while he was going to the door, I kept pointing her throat.
Two days later, when I was going to make my wedding change, my boss asked to speak with me in his office.
And it took the three words: Do you remember??
Remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
So he came back and he didn't have a rocket.
I had a potentially deadly affect called epidemics.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the fence of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You get antibiotics for it, and it goes back to the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reports, then I was happy and I went back to work, until it happened again and again.
Two times in the same task of urgency, not diagnosis.
And it's a big effort, especially to work in a hospital, because you're 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a stranger.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
You have a kidneys X-ray, but it turned out normal . A colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
And I read it liquid, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it and by noticing certain sensitivity in the bottom right right, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated, and they recovered well.
But every case I got sick, I got stuck.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beach.
The most significant people have been for the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them that they don't commit the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transplant in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones who make mistakes and not, those who can't sleep and the ones who have a lot of results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, it's about 20 years old, and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical programs and medical mistakes to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program,``White Potter, Black Art ,".
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work on a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in hospital are wrong, or the discovery is not right . In a system where anthropologists are increasingly increasingly, and more numbers, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's all about bars, because we're not looking at the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't act.
It's the privacy of sleep.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with crying eyes, and with alcohol, and suddenly, my story gets away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always.
And my patients are not cars; they don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as we were taught, and we eliminate all the professional people in mistake, well, no one's going to stay.
And with it, people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``white delight, black art ,"is already a habit saying,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everyone, from the designers to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah,``What are your mistakes?"And I would drive the microphone to them
And their students stopped, they go back, go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a round medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't expect its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a very loving way, so that everybody benefits.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in when it's.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a red doctor.
I'm human.
And I feel so much, but I'm effort to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions take one day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that said to choose a middle American, are about 70 a day.
Not long ago, in a research, they went on for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were made by these executives and the time they used to make related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they've taken 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of mines.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of the time?
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to be able to be able to choose.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is please, please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to talk about the problem of the chance of choices?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I wrote this very, very high level of level -- at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dr. Draw.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and Vinger, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of a sensitive water, and this was when we took water water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I was asked, why never buy anything?
This is the station of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him,``Is this strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed me out of tourists who were coming every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the members.
hallway.
They had 143 different classes.
We installed a position to take, right at the entrance entrance.
We set up there of six tastes, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop the memory?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, that when only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market car.
Here's the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought.
If we do calculations, people had six times more likely to buy, if they found six, they found 24.
Well, I'll decide that we don't buy memory probably to us, it's less good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the option of choices affect us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gordon Han, I'm going to encourage Manhattan and the West Bang, where we observe the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of supply supply devices available to retirement plans, the program 40, destroyed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 75 plans that were coming from two, to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like . .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger people was, the more people were told to avoid action or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up things less satisfying, even though they're probably going better.
The main reason is that we're going to look at that gigantic variety of May, mustard, vibration and melody, but we're not able to make calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today, I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can teach their business.
The first one is, cutting.
They've heard it before, but it has never been true than today, which is less.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space in the corner.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundancy choices, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election.
When practicing & Gammali went from 26 different types of Health & Shoes to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
Now, when the Goldman Cat corporation eliminated the products for cats that were less sold, they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes: greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets today, in average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, it's about 100,000 products.
But the biggest store in the present world is Alex and offering only 140 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in the middle.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to manage the options is David Lama, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are embedded automatically to a insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't do your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful highway in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Gary.
( A few applause) All right . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't you?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I really hit my hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can go to me and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options of choices, which is concrete.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use drug cards or credit than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Slick Benz and Alexander Princest, on the staff of Internet officials who worked in INCRA, these people were in a meeting in which they were clinging to a 40 plan.
At that meeting, that we're going on exactly as it was used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we used the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent, and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Clausition.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets, the length of the northeast, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 466.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry exhibition.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swinity . ''
If you think the one on the left is Einstein and the one on the right is jazz, they give a palm.
( Piano applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the right on the right is Sweden, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Sweden . But, you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something to who you choose, not that you define them.
You often see this problem with these huge funds of funds.
So, who are they reporting?
My fourth category: conditions complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows to persuade it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each.
colors, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motion, box of changes; four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the button by your decision, you indicate that you're overwhelmed, or it's: you're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going from many choices, you see the button over again and again, and another . .
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, you go there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though you choose the box of change, doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, you're prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
And to summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of choices: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; concrete, to make it real, we can make more categories with less options; driving complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best thing about a choice is being careful.
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choosing.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist Germany, if you had a writing machine, you had to register it to the government.
I had to register an example of an example written with the machine.
And this for government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think somebody could do this, so much that this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer, and you print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that makes a pattern that makes them out of one and its printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to add much for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can catch the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
That's the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Goldman in the city of Kyoto, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to win a lot of money, lots of people.
There are really many cases of online online, billionaire, who won money with their attacks.
This is Vulnera State, from Turkey, Estonia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watson.
This is Berlin Sunny.
These are Matthew Anderson, Turkey Albert, etc, etc.
These guys make their online strengths, but they do it by illegal media through the books to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or stealing our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service in America does two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jay, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. John's going up; he knows her paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any one of us is victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attitudes in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, motivated the protests, motivate the opinions, motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have collapsed in the last 12 months by taking a role based on online attacks.
Those are the three main attitudes: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that attack.
And then we see cases like digitization.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
I declared the last fall because of a stick.
They survived the safety of the site, and they allowed a catalyst.
Last week asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were located by the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate . .
What do certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with glasses, SETI encrypted services, services like Gmail.
Except they're going to intercept a foreign certified authority.
And that they're going to be able to be certified.
And in the case of Pixar happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April in 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called``FEDnu . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 8,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to total governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, found the Trick Trick, a triangle used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is embedded.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet's connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like shipping Scoten to infect our computer with a triangle to allow you to see all communication, and listen to the online discussion, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a matter of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're going to do today, be forever.
Are we going to think about any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have us worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the South Park in Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like cells migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of those who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead to me, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the most, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot to lions.
They die them are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is so few in the National Park in Nairobi.
A kid in my community, at six to nine years old, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that it really didn't serve, because even helped lions see the state of far.
I didn't quit . It continued.
A second idea was to use a shipping.
I tried to hold the lions to believe that it was near the stadium.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day, and they saw the shipping, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch, and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid to the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I was going to press and shut up the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken lens.
And it all.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little indicator box . I call it a transformative.
And the indirect box makes lights detect.
As you can see, the bulbs are going out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how lions come from night.
The lights go down and get the lions to think that I'm walking through the stadium, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now by Kenya, to scare other predators as hyena, leopard, and also being used to take elephants from farms.
Because of this invention, I had a fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Boston International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses who don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a kid in the front of the savanna pushing the cows of my father, and I used to see planes flying, and I was told that someday it would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
That's what I mean in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA: An electrical fence?
RB: I know you invented the electric fence, but I want to do my own.
CA: I'm already trying it once, right? And you -- CA: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a squid . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turk, you're big.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much . RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim It, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
It said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead in the street, holding a child climbed in his arms looking at his mother's face without power to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine led to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine, and only few survive, eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also did more and more frequent cuts, all of my energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the America River, which serves from boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry in certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say, during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I only thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because ordinary refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, then I looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and spread.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I did control my emotions and said the questions.
At the end of the infrastructure, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Muslims in China, they're looking for foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
They didn't have so much luck.
Every year, advertising Muslims are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can flee in a minute.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a surgeon or a north??
Where am I? Who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Even though I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the income test to university.
Right when I started to adapt my new life, I received a alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a pulling location in the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through the South Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and abused by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identification of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I barely stood up, and I told him that they were deaf people who were playing.
I looked at me, but fortunately, I thought . .
We did all the way to the border of God.
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in God.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegally.
After paying crutches and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to the distance of the South Korea Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or a man's voice to ask,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man was to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two nights to take them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said,``Why do you help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the ordinary people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbols a new hope for me and for the ordinary people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the waste of hope that the ordinary people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve their freedom is only half of the battle.
Many Muslims are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or none of the money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is southern Center: shops, fast food, bar terrain . .
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the South Central Center to represent something more, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this would actually be wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . You've got license shops, fast food, bar terrain.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of normal diseases in the South Central Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house, you see the effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I look at cell dioxide centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
Now, I'm already tired of driving 45 minutes and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm going to come in, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, together, and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of a group paid by the garden of all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up with me, and in short, they gave me a quote saying that I had to go back my garden, the criteria was made order.
And I said,``Come on, right?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one cares?"So I was like,``Well, read it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
Now, Mr. Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and he spoke to the press and one of Brian Grove members, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 firm, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My journey even called to say that they were breathing and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we're going, why not?
L.A. is the American city with more wild terrain.
It has 68 miles of wild terrain.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 776 million tomato plants.
Why don't you like this?
It would grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my brother, when I tell people, grow your own food.
cultivate your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was hacked to me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti, I grow my art.
So as a graffiti artist, that methods, I mean soils, grades.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my ambition of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do . if you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing it is, and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and productive act that you can do, especially in an turbine.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 12,000 of the night and were in my garden, went out and looked very quickly.
I, you know, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, they don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``Well, don't people go to steal your food? ''
So what I say,``For God no, I don't have any fear that you're going to steal . ''
So it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at once, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Gates has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomato, you'll eat tomatoes . But if none of these are taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people who put them in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in, and I see color kids that are on this designed path for them, not leads them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who get rid of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You might produce the next George Washington.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is putting people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become an economic refugee, you know, you're going to be trained.
We have to change the script of what it is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a game.
So, you know, you're going to take them out of them?
That's their choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with their stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Shark noises) (Microscope noises) And probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you jump out.
And especially if you go mountains in your bicycle and these cars pass, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to make positive asphalt roads.
Now, the porous speaker, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the whole rain of rain flow towards the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't get water anymore.
The noise also disappeared in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, the whole noise disappears, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid.
What is it going? You see, in this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First of a rock, then a few more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that, but they can give you your parachute, and you cannot be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create cars with that.
Oh, it's ready.
You guys, of course, you can become a problem, but you have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage is in this material.
It's a porous killer, as I said, so it only has a little amount of randomness between the stones.
Because of the intelligence, to the ultraviolet light, to oxytocin, this strand, this button, the glue between the rituals, will choose, and if you choose, you're going to get microbes, and you're separated from the added.
So if you drive around the road, you're going to get the added -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authoritarian materials.
If we can make this material change, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can use steel wool, from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel line in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the net.
So we've got a little bit of little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, that you use to cook -- an indication machine.
Education can heat, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you've got to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these microbes, and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big identity machine here to stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 feet from the 585 highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm . that's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repeated them then with our outrage machine and we repair them and we would test them back.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy energy for, actually, increase the life surface of the road, can even double the life of the surface . It really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, you have curiosity of if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
In reality, you have to be faced first before you can show how you act the repair.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember taking a morning with the sound of the baseball in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed.
\" The Taliban had gone ,"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he told me.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban had taken care of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a kid to climb my older sister, who could no longer be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags, so that it seemed to be a shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us who were prepared in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every time in the time, the school was closed by a week, because the Taliban Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total condition of a remote province of Afghanistan, he insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father got it.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will go back two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not education his kids.
Over the years of Taliban, I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can rob your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age has more than the sacrifice, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here in Melloning College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He didn't just get out of my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1980, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I'm fighting Joshua, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of a daunting opposition.
It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
It's less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out of the road from America to her village, and literally, they were accused of being killed by a bomb on the road for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice noticed that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you'll try it back.
\" Tell me already, if you want ,"he said,``But I'm not going to hurt my daughter's future for her old ideas . ''
What I've given me about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who succeed, there's a father who recognized his daughter's value and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interactions in the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who were to school were told in hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't take much, after the return of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the girls of Americans remember me.
Like me, they dream in big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, resistance to Gaddafi . fight against him.
But you never get a Gaza revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since the light revolution inspired by the targets of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with many other light citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day and started a revolution against the theoretical regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young children were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to the face of the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the east East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months period of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
And yet, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and aluminum seeds.
For four decades, Gaddafi's theoretical regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved, together to many other women, rebuild the civil society, by demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Bangalore during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trinidad.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about development development, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's Women's platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and for our right participation of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the privileged period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the future of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day, we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and surgeons.
Another day I looked at the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the crash.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army office of the army.
And every day, every day, we wake up with the government of military and their continents of human rights and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, becomes more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the excuse and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the success of``cross"and elections.
I'm right here today to trust us today that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
Was the list to grow and the alternative between candidates and candidates bring peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then??
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both by men like women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and even.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforce the polarization and division.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the most than to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call the anger days.
We need to start acting as an agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, not only honor, but also puts the mercy instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, including it instead of arousal.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that's about the interconnectedness and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a version of the Koran``Sala"-- the peace --``is the word of the missionary God ,".
And at the time, the word``barrier ,"which is known in all the Abraham traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``marriage"-- the uterus -- by combining the feminine and material, which would go to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all people have been threatened.
And so, just like the uterus covers the embryo, it grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion nutrients all existence.
That's what we're saying,``My mercy would cover all things . ''
That's what we're like,``My mercy prevents about my anger . ''
It's all about the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equal answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one who all do,``Why does she stay? ''
Why would anybody stay with a man who beat him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I just met me at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the severe magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American green card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I'd put my head on my head with a gun, locked up with some of them.
The man, when I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with killing more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, a prison trap, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm crazy in English from the University of Harvard, and I have a MBA in Washington Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500 ,"among them, among these Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burney and The Washington Post.
I'm almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab, and I drive a minister sling.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all the races, all the religions, all levels of return and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of men are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, independent and long-term relationships, or, in a different way, in families, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence, reason why the domestic abuse turns out so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who beat him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 girls and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, girlfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side of New York, and I started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also got rid of a university of the Levix Lab, and he worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a child in the field.
I had big molecules like apples, and a wheat flying hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything about me: that it was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And it was why the church in that lovely school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sign and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to fix it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a``local love ,"which was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is introduced the threat of violence to see how she react.
And this is where they go in scene those pills.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe to buy three pills.
I had it in the car of the car.
There's another under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills were actually a message for me, and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding . .
It was the seven in the morning, and he still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend, and I married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very risky.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never hurt me.
It spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, analyzed by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I was continuing to forgive me one or twice a week for the next two and a half of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of every three American women is victims of domestic violence, or access at some point of their life, and the Center control Center that every year 15 million children are killed , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was addressing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply enthusiastic man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face his devil.
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
For me this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a juggler.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has put the relationship, after they march, because then the abuse has no longer to lose.
Other implications include the permanent act, even after the abuse has come back to married, engineering of financial resources, and manipulation from the family justice system to terrified the victim and their children, who are normally forced for judges to spend time not surprised with the man who beat their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because I was able to go, because of a last piece that I came to my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and families, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We've got the tendency to stereotypes like spooky headlines, substantially educated women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is their duty to stay ,"as if victims we're going to be able to get in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Love Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an unstable lesson of what happened to them, who had their life lives and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I got married with a young man and a nice man, and we have those three children.
I've got that black lab, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have to do, never to have more, it's just a piece of grass pointing to my head in somebody who says I want to.
At this point, you're just thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, how stupid it was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being killed, or they were a little bit of abuse themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love love to the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what they've heard here.
The abuse would thrive only in silence.
They have the power to end up with the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the stick to light talking about it with their kids, their jobs, their friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, which have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a time, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this moment, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed like this . -- luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he came up, they don't have to get it right now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater out of your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so don't do anything as much as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also powerful.
I've changed completely what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that it would take the back, and I would take the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though it's substantially and immune, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my lab sector, that is to be a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how does it be model?
And I always say,``A catalyst discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made models is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associate it to a high and secret shape, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage I've known to take money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now shows skeptical, and maybe there are a few lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Naomi, tweet, Joan Similarles, King Web.
First of all, happiness to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to inform you that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the board, and from the 1776 reported models, only 27, that means less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is: Can I be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But then, what I would say to each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a shipping surgeon, which would be amazing, because you're the first.
If after this particular list, they still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction boss of the magazine Volunte, or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven meme.
You want to say that you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike corporate surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've just finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, which is to say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``Model of clothes inside for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos get back.
And yes, they're virtually resistant all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a library, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
That's how I light to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm on a pajamas party a few days before photos for the French flight.
Here I am with my football team, and I see it.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creation of a group of professionals, dogs, males, photographers and styles, and all their attitudes and protection people, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too much 20 inches, and I never use, except the stop, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled to my friend who was a little driver; it took a red camp, and, of course, they stopped us, and I was sorry, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my aspect, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenage teenagers that were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17 young black young black young black men in New York, so for them, isn't a question of me?
But how many times stop? And when?
By the research for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 percent in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 98 percent at 17 percent . .
So, the last question that people ask me is: What is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, and you have the most bright hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful traveling, and also incredible power to work with creative, ingenious and passionate people.
And all that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself: With a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair, and it's probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to come back from this talk, I hope that all of them feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
photography has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to take a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't get me out.
There were no artistic directors, no styles, no opportunity to repair the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took them in random.
My story begins when, meeting in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what's coming right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was going, my wife said to me, why don't you take you up to New York on a father journey, and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take the picture out.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much the life would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not just physical level, but all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new chips, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceive and interacting with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed a red title of the wrist store that was buried by small visits.
And he described me what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I realized that he remembered his heart to see that place for the first time nine years.
And now what you look in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't have to go to somebody and ask yourself,``Do you get a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bugs are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter, like fishing characters, dumb, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Chinese press laughter, you applause, and these are the attributes that are associated with the Kenyan Parliament . But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why??
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, and the parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
We're hardly monitoring . They're far away from extinct . And, my favorite, they have better presence . There are two types of boats on this planet.
There are the foundations of the New World who are mainly in America, like drivers and faces, and the bottom of the old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the ones important? First, they provide vital ecological services . They clean.
It's our natural garbage receivers.
They clean the carcasses to bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that would not be for them to be extended and cause big losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recently, recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the drivers take three to four times more time to download, and this has huge constraints in the spread of disease.
They also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
Neptune was the symbol of the projector and the material, and, along with the copper, they signed the unit between the Alto and the Netherlands.
In the Indian mythology, Gabby was the god, and he risk his life to save the heavy 10-year-old devil.
In the Tibetan culture, you do a few very important ones in the open sky, and in places like Tibet, there's no place to get the dead, or wood to grow them, so these boats provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with boats?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threat.
The reason is that they're being sent, and the reason that they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and the wildlife . The parallel communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the ones are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of boats are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Pentagon.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there's no buttons, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in vegetables, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for rage . The number of the Arab cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 350 farmers are going to be above Lake Turk.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them for half.
These are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible bus of dead boats to serve the joke and the phone market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transistors.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem locally won't serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bugs, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help?? It can become active, make noise, you can write a card to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very unlikely creatures, to donate your time to spread the word . I'll spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you're informed about the bugs, but you talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it's been made for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1976, I'm young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, coast of Maryland, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italian were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were playing.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Bergen waves ,"it was a project where we Italian we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds in South Zambia to this absolutely gorgeous valley that goes down to the Bangaror River, and teaching the local and culture and calculator tomatoes.
Of course, people were not at all at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go . We were amazed that local people, in so fertile fraud, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they could not grow anything, we simply said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Just sometimes to save people from Zambia of famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is beautiful.
We got these gorgeous shots . in Italy, a tomato grow this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the agents,``Look what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, at night, about 200 slides appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the names,``Oh my God, we hit them! ''
And the agents said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that we only were Italian, we made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed them.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give us to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Death"of Damanno Moore, an economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about harm that that money has caused.
Just read their book.
Take a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Western are impressive, criminal missions, and we treat people just two ways: or we are patented, or we're patterns.
The two words come from the Latin root, which means``father . ''
But they mean two different things.
Patrick, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids.
Patrick, I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my snakes.
So the white people in Africa are called``web ,"boss.
That book gave me a shot in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"I wrote by McSokic, who said for especially economic development, if people don't want to be helped, movies alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that is not neurological? ''
I decided for the age of 27 only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Faciality Family, where you never started anything, you're ever motivated to no one, but it becomes a survivor of local passion, the survivor of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You street.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of locomotion.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So, years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, are we listening? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor of business, who set up with you in your house, at the coffee table, in the coffee table, and helping him find the resources to transform its passion in a way to earn life.
I started this as a test in Wait, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this convicted garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to see,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"I said,``I did something very, very hard.
And I got sick and listened ."So the government says,``Make it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Drake, one of the greatest business advisers in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drake was a philosophy professor before they were involved in business, and this is what Peter Wright says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of death spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Chris without knowing what the smartest people in Chris want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to be close to you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, has to be fantastic to help them, and then they will come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you show you over this morning?
Local people . That's what you've been clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial Muslim Revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal fuel engine is not sustainable.
The cold as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we've got to consider, is how we need, cure, educate, transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!!
You'll be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 180.
And in the year 1800s, this group of people got together, and they explored what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed, if the population kept growing this rate, to transplant the population of New York City around, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already getting older . So, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would observe New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 100 car companies appeared , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in appropriate places.
Derek, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't come to you with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated service . .
And then, you know, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to me.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things really: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This still hasn't been born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, only one was started by one person.
The word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He was not just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have families, who come from a little business environment sitting on coffee, in bars next to their dedicated methods who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this episode, somebody who's asking you, what do you need??
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` Do you want to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substances, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better??
How do we share our hope to empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to lovers, drunk and speakers for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a mess in the music . There's a disadvantage in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of American properties in America.
I live close to this house, and I thought how it could become a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a deep gratitude for life.
It gave it clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm sorry for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day every day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house on a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I died, I want...''
So transistors could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was meant, and I kept covering.
And I would like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit down on the line of change . ''
\" Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and dreams and hope of people made me laughing, and they destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that one is not only . . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scarcest ways . It's about giving birth to reflection and pollution, and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era age, it's more important than ever, finding the ways to make the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
And thinking about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us can't only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
He's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it's better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
It shares it internationally what happens.
It's not awesome . It doesn't look at the color.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to test words that I couldn't even me, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and how wonderful the unknown thing must be.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very cool.
It has the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm on my arm during the first episode of the Telegraph and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Doesn't it seem incredible??
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit to the concept of society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and shocked my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual, it's made in a different way, from there that Rezero is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there's no cause, no knowledge . .
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months spent, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot of it.
I didn't want to play the other babies and, in fact, didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond borders, frustration and endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being who had never lied.
Incredible.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normality goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean it's wrong.
It only means there's a different vision of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rezero and Sam and you, it would be you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or no, the differences we have -- are a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in the Amazon country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a communication class to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell in the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised with the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, each other, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, men.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell us that they're studying the tribes, but they study the tribes, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat hearing.
And when they're describing their science, care about the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
And making them accessible is not the same thing to do.
As Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways to get together and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the``bullet"signs.
You've been wondering why they call``bullets"? What do you do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supported in the language area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of tribes is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase, which the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you provide graphics that add to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is.
I think these are just some key things that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, speak with simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Middle English Dictionary is``sounds . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``soldiers"means``desperate political . ''
Now, though there was a British editor of the 19th century, which was much better defined when he said,``A soldiers ,"is this one who is looking for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when he wins, it's the use of the use of a monitoring memorial . ''
I have no idea what it means``recovery . ''
Something to do with words, I suppose.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1976 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who faced Parliament.
They got it in the London Tower, and they were incarcerated, but he had enough value to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase,``Oh, like the metal . ''
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a advocate of expression freedom.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was broken in Congress for a long time.
They presented all sorts of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call it``Jeff de Washington ,"and others,``His Alaska George Washington ,"and other``advocate of the American People in the United States . ''
Not very attracted.
Some simply wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought that it was from tested quality.
And they weren't even monarching, they had the idea that one could be chosen King for a determined term.
And it could have served.
Everybody got immensely tired, because this debate goes forward for three weeks.
I read a newspaper newspaper, and I always wrote,``still with this topic . ''
What caused the counter, and the until that was that the Research camera was against the Senate.
The Research camera didn't want Washington to be able to get power.
They didn't want to call him King, if I did it or her ideas.
So, they wanted to give them the most modest, more importantly and more Unfortunately than they were happening.
And that title was``President . ''
President . didn't invent the title . There's already before, but it only meant``somebody who brought a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much greater than the term``captain"or``superconducted . ''
There were environmental presidents of little colonial tools and government failures, but it really was an infinite title.
And that's why the Senate goes.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign and meet with foreign dynamics . ''
\" And who would take a serious title with such a ridiculous and infinite title as the United States President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate did not.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never experienced the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to stay there, waiting for the Senate to action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we're going to keep waiting 32 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a floating aerial vehicle fleet and so on.
Actually, reality and history have gone to the title of gravity.
So at the end of the end.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the seasonal appearance -- well, it was a symbol of then.
But, you know how many nations they have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Research camera lost, because no one's going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the American President.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, it's really much more driven than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to the ground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the sweat of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that you're talking, but most of all, that cancer of male issues and stones with primitive tools.
As the other, I take a nice light lens of ink light to the head with this slow plastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
My hand and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters on that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep part of that hole risk their lives without paying, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in 2009, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Center.
Among all the amazing people who I met there I met an integral from French, and an NGO that is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made out of the stomach, and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of``Free"and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, window the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transportation slave.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmers was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
It's equivalent to some $50,000 dollars.
However, today, you can scan entire families by generations by $18.
Unfortunately, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work, and then to discover that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in the trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those are discussing them.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet, it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick holes.
This strange, weird show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Manhattan.
immersed in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, women, in fact, in fact in a heavy drop of powder, they stack mechanically brick in their heads, up to 18 at once, and they're carrying them from the air vessels to trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
Destructive by the monkey and the heat work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe desperation was making it quite intimidating.
So fish were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning, and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the abstract I was next to me quickly, and he said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't citizenship that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
And I had to trust me the Slims, and work within the system for his release and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles through mountains that were expected down.
Those big players were more heavy than kids who were carrying them and kids put them to their heads with emails made of sticks, ropes and butterflies.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so unhappy, but so ubiquitous??
Some don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers were rejected their freedom, the slaves were sick in their homes.
When we heard the slavery word, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was realized to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was introduced with women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few angry stairs that would give this dirty basement, a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a garden.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women's slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to engage the customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every position is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bike and a curtain.
laborers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
From foot in the gang, I remember having felt a search fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what I should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a room: the stairs where I entered.
There were no traces.
There was no windows enough to train.
Those people don't have a screen, and since we're playing a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textures are another activity that often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families stuck in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the tissues of blue and red, from their children.
You mix pictures in these big bars, and you get the silk on the liquid to the ears, but the ring is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still expect, however, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 thousand children in Lake Volla, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick view.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, doesn't make sense?
error . I was all slaves.
The kids are separated from their families tagged, disappearing and forced to work extinct gas in these boats in the lake, despite not to swim.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, it was shaking; it feared his little canoe out of it.
I was paralyzed by fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees embedded in the lake Volayey often attract networks and children, familiar and fear, they were thrown into the water to challenge the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear to her love is not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruel, it's mostly treating the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working on.
It's cold and window.
And it's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met it in a shelter where I was facing the Slims of slavery.
Kofi symbolic is possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
And driving by a road in Ghana with the Southern ,"a shipping partner with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and set up our car and touch the window.
It asked us to follow it by a land path to the forest.
At the end of the road, he inspired us to come out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed up this very much visible path and said,``This is the path, this is the path . Go . ''
As we started going down, we took the ancestors that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour, we found that the road was encouraged by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos about my head as we were going into these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the next path ended up in a clear, and we had in front of the holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of scared workers.
Many women had tied kids tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in sent in sent.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, crazy, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy bags on stone that then will be transported to another area in which they're making the stone to extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be full of strong and violent men, but if you look closer, to the margin, you're going to work on other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the market per market in a few years.
This is Women . When he died his father, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, your uncle will inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that the doctors said it should be attacked.
In addition to that, Mom has tuberculosis and, no, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like French, and it's this kind of determination, in front of a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be afraid of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, evil, I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will take a fire, and that that fire goes down light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied math, and there's a peculiar problem for who does it: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the clear dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial application that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neural disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Strantabulza who, in his time, was a virtual dancer virtual.
In the last few years, it's been progress in treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an awkward weakness, symbols, rice and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to measure the progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there really exists in a cure will be when we have an objective and closed metric.
But it's frustrated that for Parkinson and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It has never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very hard journey to the clinic . What if patients could make the test themselves?
It wouldn't be personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to propose to you as not to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Strantabulza.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal ropes.
It shows somebody healthy as you're taking sounds when you're talking . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes needed ., the FOXO, for example.
And as the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think of time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of irregular shake from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice shark, weakness and rice.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspire after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are accurate . All right, but also the exams based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be underestimated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost as low: it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to tackle.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
I wouldn't be able to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive amounts of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, free cars on general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first diseases of disease before it's too late.
So, by giving us the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Acumen and PVC, we want to register lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Riel: So Max, taking all these samples from, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who's not??
What do you get out of these samples?
Max Mitchell: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not happen . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important, because we're looking for clean factors in search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which encourages the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Number and nine . Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Lithand, public.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic challenges in New York City.
We are dangerous creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the detailed models even more thin, the perfect skin, even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible thing and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talents with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans Vollves, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
13 of May went to Operator.
It's a little fish village located in the program of Iowa of nearly 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of the water water reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We got rubble from the channels and the oranges.
We cleaned schools . We take the slime out and leave ready houses to be reduction and rehabilitation.
We removed tons and tons of dead fish, appled, power of local factory.
We used and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and DNA cards.
They all did the same thing.
They'll pick them up and take them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were out of the wave, and to save his lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the logging bathrooms the big, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the emergency center gets the photos.
They took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until transplant myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that had more than a hundred years in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that restaurant and repair that square, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelmed and positive, which I knew we had to try.
So we started to challenge the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stressed, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the photograph.
With the time time, they got more pictures, and they needed more reporters, so that I went back in Facebook and Linus and five days later , 80 people of 12 countries were offered to help.
When I was two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we're moving to Richard, a neighbor town north of Jamaica.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were going to train them is a different story, it depends on the sense of the photos.
I could take an hour . I could take weeks.
I could take months.
And this tiny threshold had to draw in a lot of hands using the areas whose color and detail had had not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures taken in salt water, covered from bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it together with oil, all of it together with the time, and that's why cleaning them up was an important part of the project.
We couldn't cut the picture unless I was clean, dry and had been rejected by his owner.
We were lucky by hand.
We count the guide of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt the pictures already.
As Kyoto once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky to the photos.
He had begun to clean her themselves, but he stopped realizing that it's even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild, we were able to fix the images in a single picture, and then the full picture.
When he picked up his pictures, I shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues in his husband found the photos in a bomb station between the rubble, far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The tsunami day, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside of the water while the signs sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that he could do, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that wouldn't have been marked by that sea day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there, hundreds of them helped us clean up over 150,000 photographs, the big majority -- the big majority came back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of totally restaurants and retired pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink.
We took photos constantly.
One picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear.
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we're going to take, but the first thing we're going to do.
So this was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to get back to somebody's connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the recovery.
Some of them connected to something bigger, bringing something up, using their talent for something that are not perfect skin models.
To finish, I'd like to read this email . I sent it Canada the day that came back from Japan after six months.
And as I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the young girl, gathered around a baby, moved around a baby, made me, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, me and my daughter recently born, hangs on our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Engelbart inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that went through an apple in an exhibition of just a million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography: the membrane -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and I get it, and I go in a trillion second or whether it's, in several seconds to create a picture of just a millimeter of just a millimeter.
And that photo package, that bullet, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons, and we shoot on this bottle, how do those photons go inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light on slow camera?
Now, all of this -- remember, that all of this is actually happening in less than a nanometer is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research . . It's a lot of things in this film, and it's going to take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our balance, in the bottle with a package of photons that starts to draw it and, inside, it starts to fire.
Part of the light goes out, it goes to the table, and we started seeing these modules.
Many of the photons finally get to the cap and then they explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that's bouncing inside.
At that time, waves travel around the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflect are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we're going to go down the same distance, and we see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much you think would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Really, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow ball in motion.
And what about to test with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get off the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, of a phenomenon at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that, as light gets away from the tomato, it goes bright . It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light on its inside and comes back after several billion.
In the future, when this female is in its phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if you take a low exhibition, it comes very little light.
But we're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so just going into some light.
We sent that bullet, that picture of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very narrow sync, we took those kinds of data and we trained them computational to create those mammals I showed you.
We can take all that raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Robot, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our female . .
Behind the wall there is a magic and we're going to bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Commons.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that quickly, our feminine, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what the distance is about.
By Project a laser you can record a picture in brutal, which, you see in the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple light trees, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's at the back of the curve.
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build competitions able to see the inside of the body by holding together, and the same thing for characters.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty hard, so this is actually a kind of a request to scientists to start thinking about photography as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Doctor Egyptian, he was a scientist, turned the science in art, an art of collaborative photographs.
And I realized that all the giants of data that we collected each time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is only a few billion.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the cap, you're moving away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears in the camera.
It's applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it out and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a kid in 1984 and living in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that they're looking for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a phone here?
Give them.
Raise their phones, read them!
Take them . An Android, a Black, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm talking about me, from my phone, and how life changed.
Talk about this.
So these are 35 lines of information.
It's brutal data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Union Commission presented a direction.
The database of facts.
This direction says that every European phone company, every Internet providers, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet providers.
And all over Europe and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data regime.
We want detection in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet providers to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, all said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The Stanford was the secret police in Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Detroit Telegraph, who was then the largest phone company in Germany, which please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all white, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're collecting my life . ''
So I decided to give you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delhi Telerope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand, and they would send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Transportation failed the incompatibility for the German law of the E.U . .
So I received this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It's about five thousand pages of information lines.
At first, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a time, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little skeptical: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I'm spending the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data means.
So, next to Z Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back and go backwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how Frank I in train in train, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little fear.
But it's not only me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other, which time you call each other, which time you sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone phone.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of Berlin's fall may never have happened.
And in consequence, not the fall of the iron in iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility of following our lives and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not happening.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight the self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
And I call me Madison Zicon and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, involving the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so it's all the time.
Look.
It's scary . I'm like a Shinin mix.
And Muhammad Al.
P C is not genetics.
It's not no money.
No one malware the uterus of my mother, and I didn't contrast it because my parents were brothers, although they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration . And I don't want any.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Come on.
Christmas videos are in the commercial center, they're driving in circles for parking and what they see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I'm 99 problems, and P C is just one of them.
There's a clean of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from park China in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in``you can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do it; dance it . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents took the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum note, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my titles on his feet and simply walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The surprise I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bag champion that has received many hits.
By growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all the family.
There are now 20 Arabs, and they're still all the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about using``hatred Muslims"as a campaign motto.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died from hunger during the branch.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three extra months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn, is very easy.
dancing in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they were sent to the dance school.
I learned how to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used heel, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents assumed that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandela.
In summer vacation, often my father tried to hold me, so I drink a pig milk, they put me hot cups on the back, I got up in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water in my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I must say that it's very boring, but before making yoga, it was a Stanford comedian that I couldn't stand up . .
And now I can hold in your head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital television.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the Uganda, University of the state of Arizona, because I walked in all the layers.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass zoo, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, I decided to make a work called very slow dances in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds,``Eventually I have a role!
I have brain paralysis!
At the end of it! The free end!
Thank goodness, I'm free! ''
I didn't get paper . They gave it to Steve Brown.
I went to increase running the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't be character . ''
It was a role that I literally was born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a loss story of hearing actors without disabilities for disabled papers.
By graduation, I went back home, and my first active tour was kind of weird on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be called``competition"to``better crazy friend"in a marathon.
Instead, I was there as a garden, I didn't see me more than the whole thing, and it was obvious to me that repair directors didn't hire fat actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up seeing Wool Goldberg, Ron Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I did humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell up in the account that I was going high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs of all the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no sail.
Some people say I'm the first monkey in the Arab world.
I never like to recruit the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they're very fun.
In 2003, my other mother from another mother and father, Dean Obeks, and I launched the festival of the American comedy in New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in media, and to remind the directors of repair that South and Arab are not synonymous.
integration Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Obama.
I walked into a graduation dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two -- . ''
And we were live.
So I approached to the desk of the president to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and dispersed it . I knew they weren't going to invite me.
But not only Mr. Obama came back to me, but it was like a full time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Obama was that people on the Internet are scum.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never get away from me and a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object.
I saw online clips with comments like,``Why does it shake? ''
\" Is it rest? ''
And my favorite``Poor Buddha . ''
What disease has it?
We should really pray for her . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: guilty, comedy, parasite.
disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in chairs cannot do Beijing, then Benki can't make somebody in wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clapping, man . Go.
The disabled ones are the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would foster less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My stupid journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating by the divine of the South Lucy Losave Telescope and the cholera Alexander Armad.
I got to act on a film with Adam Sandert and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthew.
And I go to the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was folded in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the University of 2008.
And I founded``The Children's Children ,"an organization to give kids Palestinian refugee children a shadow of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
Despair in peace, dad.
I call me Madison Zilton, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town in South America.
This village is near Mozart.
The drought drives small people to poverty and the edge of the tilt.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living on a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offers him to bring it to lunch, after dinner, to slow down.
It knows a bunch of people, which gives you a mess.
It gets a little money to make new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They introduced a young man.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a car car.
That child from that little dream with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So, how do the story of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with it in the city?
He was waiting . .
I was expecting an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that I pulled about what we call``the period period . ''
And their story stands in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban young people who trigger riots in Johannesburg, shoot riots in London, which are looking for something beyond``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, will be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mozart , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't really do anything.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Marshall Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be in that hospital who had been inspired by thinking,``What if I would never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period?
Would I have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Muslims that month was actually to encourage a few juvenile leaders in a business.
It came up to about 90 Somalia leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that are facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mountain University, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest hurdle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war has developed the whole system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
Adam saw an opportunity and passed it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started collecting motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 reasons, with the help of his family and friends, and their dream is at some time expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``waiting period . ''
It hits young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mozart, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the top of corporate initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, you used the plastic, you're sent out of the foreign.
If you asked somebody,``When was the last time you saw cold flowers? ''
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a flower company and a flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing headlines and light, which he said, could survive the hard climate of Mumbai.
And he started the flower of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Muslims in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Moore's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged you to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be an artist of change.
For the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They gave business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a company of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put in their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, give them the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something else than starting a business.
It is to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, this is how it's called, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
You add the street kids in the street to help rent it and keep the engines for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape the``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they're increasing and feeding their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Paris than they're hearing and``periods of waiting . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to me with my dad in the Albert mountains, an airline area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The sentence forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a glass, and not to be the way that we kept, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp . .
It was a shed on a disk with a beautiful British lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a dump, from about four square feet square with rotten adventure balls, aluminum paper balls, and old calm.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The cameras that were too lazy to get out what they had brought, who thought he would clean their trash?
That question went on with me, and it sort of felt a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, for 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an astronaut.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a garbage receiver.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks . I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical designs and bars.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as intriguing as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong, one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to join the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies would continue to get out of their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the National Intelligence Office, waste collection is one of 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering traffic all day, and you go around you.
They just want to spend, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the improbable of the trash.
When you get out of the city and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste collect are the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health providers.
If you don't get rid of the waste, efficient and effective waste every day, this starts to describe from your containers and your inherent dangerous dangerous ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have any space for what the engine engines begin to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only its relationship.
And then it's what I call our average average speed needs.
With it, I mean just the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair, we clean or we've got our coffee cup, our bag of the sent, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget them, because we know there's a force force on the other side that will be commissioned from it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost literature.
They're in the street every day, naturally.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you're waiting.
And their job allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our challenges, and that flow must always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the glass of a waste collection truck on the street, I grab my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you to do her work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me, and he just tried, and he said,``Let's be good.
We're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paula, we worked together a lot of times and made good friends.
I want to believe Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species, we must include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of his days and their lives, the next you see somebody whose work is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally about the local conditions and traditions.
I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Alan Abed.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the research with crystals generates heat inside, so it's needed a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, it doesn't have anything to do with Africa, not with Ethiopia.
It's a picture of trying to be a very rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the old market, which is this structure to the open air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building, many stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture, they don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this is extended with an incomplete old one that creates a free space in the building that is activated, by its own form and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant shell with drilling to allow the entrance of the air, and also in a folded way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the stages.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little private pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a controlled way to the inside of the building.
This is complicated with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because in the end, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but it's also because it was no longer necessary.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we get a big advantage putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with meetings and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these bits in the roof, which in together collect water for the health health.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a map of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I have designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, his tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar principles in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these chips.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of connected doors with straight lines, and this made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in medieval climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that made sure most of the apartments are perfectly orientation in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with chips, and then on the bottom plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to return to the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, you can go up and socialize, and make them activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change communities and local economies to the same pace that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl went into our class . It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very bright hair, and a little pair of pencil, cute . It was strong for the capital of states, very good for pornography.
I ended up that year, and I was full of chairs, until I brought my synesthesia plan.
I got a few days after the school out of school . It was a little late, and I hid on the girl's bathroom.
When the coast was left, I went out, I walked in the classroom, I took the table of my master's book.
And then I did.
And the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them like that . And I got to go back the book to the box, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a brakes, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all out of God and myself a row of like this, just because I could ...
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I didn't understand how the idea came.
I didn't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I didn't understand why never caught me.
It's all dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I got rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for organized.
I'm introduced to the movies.
They're so mysterious and so pessimistic.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primates . Blue birds are very likely.
We know that cells are the number one cause of college murder in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looked at the loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all of their potential shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the hell, there wouldn't be``Odysseus . ''
There would be no clear king, no``The One and a nights . ''
There was no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list of high school, because we would be losing``The noises and the Force ,"no``Gates"or``Fire ,"we're going to lose from``May Bible"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no question . I know it's a fashion saying that it has the answers for everything, and in terms of the movies, almost all of them.
This year, you get 100 years of your masterpiece, ,``If you're looking for lost time ,"the most effective study of sexual cells, and also the ordinary competition, the most, everything we could have, and thinking about Project, we have the sensitive details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a hacker magnitude on you.
We forget how hard that picture is.
We forget how clever it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia World said were as hard as a cat . .
I don't know what the cat traffic is, but suppose it's super.
So let's see why they're going so well together, the novel and the chairs, the chairs and Project.
It's going to be very obvious, like the hairs, which are reduced to the person, their desire, their empires, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be the storytellers and audience, and we know exactly what details include, to cut the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that I tried to understand.
Everything that she does to give me me could lead to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story, and since then, he says that every fresh love that Susan detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instrument in its private camera.
You have to admit that Sony and questioning, they were totally jealous.
You know, Pete's girlfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The movies are shipping.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the cells??
The cells are nutrients.
The ones use details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little pair of pencil.
The cells are nutrients.
That's why I was so successful, it's so successful.
When Sony is in your wheelchair, as soon as you hear behind the doors and bribe the services of your lover, then you define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is kind of disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
You're trying to prove that the cells are going to show that the cells are seen, and they make us seem absurd, but in their heart, they're pursuit of knowledge, search for truth, a really painful truth . In fact, to what I'm aware of, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of trouble.
He says,``A woman who we need, which makes us suffer, it causes us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotions reveal us, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that her wife had it.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
She was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was lower without any cause.
But he looked for things that did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
It's too much?? Or, right?
Freud says the man was becoming the coordination of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look with intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to do violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan from 52 years old was captured because he had created a fake account in Facebook, from the one which was sent out, horrible messages for a year.
For a year . every year.
She was trying to blame the new girlfriend's new girlfriend, and I have to trust that when or this, it react with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of Patrick Higgs.
Hippocrates is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and bright character from American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"`` The talented Mr. River ,"books that are trying to deal with our minds, trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom Rosling, his most famous character.
Tom Rosling is going to want or want what you're going to take away from your self, and you're going to get rid of what you ever had, and you're under the floor . You respond to your name, it takes your rings, it cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rosling.
I can't give you everyone, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in the lines.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where is the envy? Right?? Right?
Are the novels show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 121 of Baker Street, and we asked by Shirine Hillis.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the curse in the professional Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] the Apple) Paradise, the chief face of Scott Maria who needs Hollywoods desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but he's upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Shark needs his help, but it goes on, and bubbles with yellow in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts changing, and finally in``The Serma of Sevenlon", once Emmanuel comes in, he would draw everyone with his solution, Peter comes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywoods . ''
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at Scott Earth who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we're seeing Hollywood in history . It looks like this very emotional thing, that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the chairs as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Massis.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Melaness is allowed to admire that idea of being he.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the movies are really a geometry issue, just a question where we are allowed to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist the excellence of the other.
We can relate to it.
But I like the entertainment plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us.
Only the fiction is determined.
The fiction used to just the dopamine, invite them to the table.
And look at what it is: the sweet Department, the lander Tom Report, the crazy Sweden, the same Mars Point.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buddhish Alley jumped outside of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Aral Sea.
Armstrong and ALS were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the climax of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the United States history.
To reach the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Ottoman Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on their surface, which ALS after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest . .
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of it : 183 kilos of old rocks, and something that the 24 would get later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, which this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions ask, why the moon?
Why will it become our goal?
And you might also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pond: For contemporary, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was great power.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of sympathy and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated, and the smallpox was eliminated.
Technology seemed to be able to get what Alvin Toxin in 1970 called``relative force . ''
For most of humanity's history, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with sail, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10 crew, and optimistic joy on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to be intractable.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
And I was five years old, and my mother told me that it doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V rocket.
I knew virtually that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that,``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They've gone and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which means that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel was funded, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were on their soft point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris . They've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term, they haven't invested in the development of technologies destined to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars to require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomass -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biosphere.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we're going to see an energy policy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, turns out not.
We know for the time that famine is result of failure in food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for food and food, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we must, but these four elements have been present: political leaders and population must want to fix the problem; the institutions must support the solution; it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become as much as a metaphor for technology to solve big problems, which are with those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There's no bold competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who heroin how hard and dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows we don't care about challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a climate of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recession: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the resource, the goal and the task have been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recession, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I think I'm going to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that could have gone in other people.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the opinion surveys throughout time, there aren't many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are defined 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians are still inspired the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion surveys recorded are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? You trust the teachers?
Now, if anybody asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You probably started to ask yourself,``What? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I'm sorry in some of them . ''
What's very rational.
In definition, in real life, we tend to spread the trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel by a determined type of office, work or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primate teacher I know to give the reading class, but no way for driving the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to put a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make good judgment inherent to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I would love to have more confidence in what is deserve of trust, but not what it is . .
In definition, I'm a chance to not trust what's not reliable.
And I think those people who depended their savings with the very closely called Mr. Manju, who then disappeared with them, I think in them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
To have more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's depressed or negative with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but creativity.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find one person is competent in personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I won't trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see their own competitors.
And I'm very glad to say that I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely messy.
If it's like this, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
Creativity is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a part and said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the part itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness and testing evidence, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to do the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parties, demanding them that,``Look at the boxes ,"as we say.
You know you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust and we would convey the people that we are reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what it doesn't do.
Third, the task.
And I'll call the task rebuilding trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if these are two people together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough basis to be trusted in you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be aware of trust.
How do you do it??
That's done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the officials, the institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks say I can get them out without giving explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not something very hard to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that frame, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been writing to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be described.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one month, the sperm of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, what if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space, so when the strong spectrum against the screen transfer its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the National Science divide of Microsoft, along with my mentor chaotic Kate, I turned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the toes and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy to grab a book of a shelf.
You can smell the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
And most of all, many of us will have bought, and then things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transistors when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would it be like?
At MIT's Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Republican Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behave as a 3D pixel in space, which involves the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this tiny three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was include gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic legislation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach companies physically and a distance, and the famous shot from Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but starting to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without us having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hong, China, in the '70s . ''
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a athletes school with all the paid spending.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After survive the Cultural Revolution, they create firmly that there was only one heart path to happiness: a safe and good job.
No matter whether the job would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young people to learn the accidents, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the head of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adults would hit the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life, a second class is the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved for another voice.
No one to me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to the books.
[" Complex masterpieces"] [`` lessons of history"-- I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese life.
And it's not propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honored your father and your mother . ''
\" honoring ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this corresponding blame trap and to record the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my behavior of compassion.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had just occurred to me, China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's all the research fields as a complex religion and comparable literature.
Compare and contrast, offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought, if the comparison reading worked to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try [`` Benjamin Franklin"from Walter Microsoft] [`` John Adams"who were involved in a same case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, it's all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Charles Tzu"Thomas Merger] [`` The Country of Man"-- instead of losing in the translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel alone or powerless never.
To have a waste dream really is nothing compared to what many other people have.
I've come to believe that the output is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is connecting with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from.
So far, it can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you . Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a holiday shot, he threw on the couch of my office, took the shoes and said I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relief.
My class partner had a sign as a first client.
And I took a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brings to the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head while we were digging the solution.
\" The trains are the new neighbors ,"he said Alex, and for what I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get married later, you have kids later, and the death happens later.
For vegetables like Alex, and I was there.
But shortly later, my survivor pushed me to press Alex to talk about her loved life.
I got back.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys underneath his category, it hits with a head, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervision said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next . .
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used, but this didn't make the 20 of the Alex in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loved life but for careers, families and the future of neighbors everywhere.
There are 50 million verbs in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without spending before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the neighbors here.
Oh, yeah! They're incredible.
If you're working with vegetables, you love a Triceratops, you take the dream out, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the real verbs matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at the age of 35.
This means eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"They shape his life, they will have gone through when they're 30 and so many.
People from over 40, don't go in panic.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's replaced for adulthood, which means if there's something you want to change yourself, now is time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to the 28, and things become complicated at the age of 35.
The 20 is time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily and common life has an impact in the person who will become.
But what we don't listen to often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vegetables are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the time of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists would give you risk names to the 20s like``Twitters"and``dollars . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triangle that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berners-Lee said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think when you give her a penguin in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart 20s, interesting, interesting ones like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my girlfriend's not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while you start a career before the 30, it will all be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20s are going to end and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My dates during the 20 were like the chairs . .
They all run and fun, but then at some point about 30, the music turned up and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the neighbors here??
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many to start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
Many of these things are not competitive, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at 30.
The middle age crisis crisis is not about buying red sports.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and crows look themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a teacher.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more season than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very hard life, their previous life had been even harder.
It was often crying in our sessions, but then he got off her to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, an Emma day came up his head on her legs and crying for almost every time.
I just bought a new board for director, and I had spent the whole morning calling it with her many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words``In case of emergency, please call me . ''
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have an ATM accident? ''
Who's going to care about if it gives me? ''
At that moment, I got a lot of work, and I won't say,``Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really will worry about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the twin decade of Emma went ahead.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of a severe, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and got identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean to do something that makes your person value.
Doing something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and no one knows the future of work, but yes, I know this: identity of identity generating capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that intervention, from that company they want to test.
I'm not describing the exploration, I'm describing the exploration I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prediction.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surviving.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the vegetables that meet with friends with similar minds are limited in who they know, what they know, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to come out of their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called the weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the neighbors have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the jobs created never are published, then, to meet your neighbor's boss is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a fan, Emma soon choosing his family, when he has a partner and he's his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you're ready now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the tall is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what it is they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever it is, you know.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend who lived with.
Now, five years later, it's kind of special events of events in museum.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
I love his new career, love her new family, and I sent a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma history can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vegetables.
It's very easy to help you.
The 20s are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere from the west.
Right before the wake, a slight league in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or at the age of 25 and even at 29, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the neighbors they know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to tell vegetables like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, remember their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak ties, pick your family.
Don't let me define why they didn't know what they did.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consultant for a job that was even more demanding: the dozen . .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and tests.
I give them tasks.
When the job goes back, it was calculated.
What struck me was that the T was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance didn't have IQ points.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that made me think.
The kind of things you need to learn in seventh degrees, safe, are hard: proportions, decisions, the area of a parliament.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better ways.
It's the C, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than ability to learn very quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team, and I went to the military West West Point.
We tried to predict what chains would stay in the military training and who would recover.
We went to the National Court of Delhi, and we tried to predict what kids are going to move on as far as possible in the competition.
We studied everyday teachers working on really hard neighborhoods, asking us how teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students?
We associate with private companies, wondering, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money??
In all of those different contexts, it came a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the T.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
determination is to have resistance.
determination is to affect its future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future . .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination issues, and then I waited around a year to see who they're graduating.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely likely to graduate, even when I pushed them in every characteristic I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point, or in the National Court of Delhi in which the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for kids in risk of leaving it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know, the little thing that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop determination in children? ''
What should I do to teach kids a solid job ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . what I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the determination is normally not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dick, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. document has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more . .
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to begin to start with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter's daughter, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the form and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as unlikely as the Great Wall Wall.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can draw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language sophisticated.
I started thinking about how a new, quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the bits of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic understanding 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurants, to understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as it's possible until it's square.
You have a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a fragile way,``August! I'm burning!!"This symbol actually is original in the way I call it, but I like to believe it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to believe many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old saying, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person stretch your arms, this person is saying,``I was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught.
It's a prisoner, such as Johnny inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a whole tree is quite playful.
Remember the fire?
Two fire fires, it gets very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flash.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . It will attack.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
So touch, did you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, hiding, moving.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have care about it.
So we've already spent 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as you learn a eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is in this from China.
So a sun together, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains sharp.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to where it comes out.
This is a slide to remind me that I must stop talking and go from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad are the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glang, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we're raising our children in a kind of industrial complex show of a little child.
However, Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took automobile for years later with, interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a young boy would rescue a girl who was seen as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Dora, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computers generated by the computer generated.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that moment, I also had a son.
It's only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down . So, he went out in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his patents behind, and I didn't think he understood what was happening, but unfortunately, it would absorb everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would the feeling that Luke joined an army to the government?
Now, let's compare this with the Oz magician from 1993.
How does Doctor win his film??
They're making good men with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow Oz, right? and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so many capital F force, force in the movies for our children, and so little of the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that President Life doesn't provide the right frame that I would have been served to navigate the world of adults which is mixed . I think, at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to begin to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why do you keep there??
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the Village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a kid, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are many exceptions, and it's going to defend the Disney princess to any one of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, children, are not really their goal public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and charming like Herbie and Kansas, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of every time continues to appear in classic after classic, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out.
You recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Do you remember what the critic said when it came out??
I can't believe Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop them!
Well, almost none of these movies happens to be the proof of Beck.
I don't know if you heard about this.
It hasn't been roots and already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alice Beck is a comic cartoon, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation I had had with a friend of the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you have to do: in the film, is there more than a female character than having lines?
So, you have to get the requirement.
Are these women talk to each other at some point of the film?
Are your conversations about something else than the kid who so much like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I see it in the cinema we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? So, Olympics, success success, a idea of consensus of what is a Hollywood movie . .
It's practically not the proof of Beck.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the crisis of the towers.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this exhibition, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them believe they have female protesters?
Okay . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this room is going to determine this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually grateful ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual farmers.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning??
What don't you learn?
Are you measuring the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the virus with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we encouraging that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as we're able to paint, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to protect it, if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of men.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role that's care about home and the landing.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars who responded?
They were obsessed.
They witnessed Kenya and Glenn.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories that I want to tell my son, : Go and fight only and more stories where it's seen that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and become better people, like Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
These are sand covered, and it's hard to see them.
Yet, over time, I got used to search for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I would see my own eyes not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 130 miles of length together to the Nike.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benki.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared, and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Bank, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Stanford was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plan of power.
This area is enormous, it's about 65 miles away.
Before, the Nike flows right next to It's sick, and as he changed over time, it moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city held in a extinct landscape?
I'm going to try to find the chance to be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA toxic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nike flows.
But you can see more dramatically, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, which we think might be the location of Italy.
So we collaborate with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we're looking for layers of human occupation.
Five feet below, underneath a thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a number of hundreds of years that do from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is IT.
We also found the jobs of dogs, combination, leather and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not very much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that does the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find It yet Internet here, but we're going to go to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to capture young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, I was probably writing at Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the vacation.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So apparently, TED wasn't founded in 1984 . C . .
It made ideas happen in 1984, and C in a lost city not for long and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door's door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now they visualize a group of nuclear obese objects.
They're competing in a nuclear race of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're fighting strong, they're sweating, they're going so much.
And they collide from front against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around all of them, wheels that go on to their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, to the hallway, or whatever there is the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The bright light on the Galapagos of the Galapagos.
You're helping them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks.
You can feel your blue hair by making them stack in the nose.
You can smell the adventure cookie, and you're going to go through the mouth.
They walk on one side and go into their living room.
Now in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine British Springs.
It's a little bit clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Hitler Monter A Morene . ''
Now I'm going to go to cooking.
The soil has been recognized with a path of yellow brick, and from the oven comes to you Doro, the Holocaust Man, the Shark, and the lion of``The Moore of Oz ,"in the hands, jumping towards you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a science journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise superhero.
There were several men and a few different ages and different ages of hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They memorized whole poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize me with greater quickly, the order of a ship.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when do you realize that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of them who participate from this competition is that they have normal memory.
\" We've trained us to perform these miracle acts of memory using old techniques using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that citizens used to memorize their speeches, and the medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition of the competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful and bright English, although a little bit extraordinary, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know British Springs? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach birth to British Springs how they memorize order in a live glass bar, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Ed.
And he's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember he had a memory problem; it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Feynman . In it, they were based for the role of desalination Department in the film``Ray Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Saturn Lake City, memorize phone groups; it was percentage.
And when I went back, I read a lot of treaties about writing memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not one as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide slightly their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this particular memory of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
You wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or analytically different from the rest of us?
The answer was not.
Are they even smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with they compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they climbed their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow . They found that the memory champions were lit out of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The computer of competitive memory is driven as an armed career in where every year shows someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be able to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of disasters that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4.6 random binary digits.
In half hours . Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used to a single concept that psychologists call``electrical coding . ''
It illustrates with a paralyzed elegant known as the``Babbage . ''
That's his apartment.
And then I ask them,``Remember, there's a word . ''
And when I returned later, and I ask them,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Do you remember what was? ''
The person who said that his name is Bach is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said his work is``ballet . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker is actually nothing for you . It doesn't have any relationship.
All the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word,``dancing"-- we know penguins.
They use synthesized white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go back home.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting seasonal packaging to make them very familiar at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago.
It's known as the word``memory palace . ''
The story says like this: There was a poet called Simona who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he broke, and so soon it was, the bank's room collapsed.
They're killing everyone.
But I didn't just kill them all, but it destroyed the bodies by letting them get them wrong.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simonion, standing out, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind, he could see where he was sitting every invited.
I took the families in my hand taking them where their loved ones were loved.
What Simona got at that moment is something that we all know about, or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or words in the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask you to take me the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Simona, it's very likely that it's very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse standing in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to put it out of images with the things that you want to remember: the more crazy, bad, funny, amazing, exciting image is the picture, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treatments, in Latin.
And how does it work??
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to do it a memory, in the same way you would have been done if you had invited TEDGlobal 2000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in your doorstep.
And I'm going to imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and vulnerable image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely insidious competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can look at the Gulf of the Galapagos, which is on mystery Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to present their friend Ed Cook.
And then you would look at British Springs to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go in the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk to be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
That's how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, who will confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek``toperate"-- which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the teacher and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something alien about this computer of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a mathematically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests . I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody killed the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of a former school ancestor bought in a chicken market.
And I found that this was incredibly entertaining.
You would never have expected it was.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, protocols, insections, absolutes and self-interest, in the eye of mind.
I was hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of residents and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . . I had the idea that I could get into, in a kind of participatory experiment.
I thought this could be a good model for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to memorize speeches, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory papers or memorize cards, to benefit with a little bit of paper about how your mind works.
We're often talking about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of complete attention that most of us won't even exercise around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcut.
That's how things are made . .
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, that's what Ed, the awesome thing I couldn't even remember I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence by losing in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so honest that we're not even bothered in processing in depth?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to learn just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Living, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that I gave to the living room.
And there you all spent the time looking at the television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me, and every time I was shower and back in a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of areas, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we have.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it is, you think in``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think so on a building building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a nightmare that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build: urbanism and governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, the columns, red brick, that let them understand what Library is trying to communicate with this building: kids, property values, history.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, got another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life.
We push, we push and push so much, that we're completely moved from people.
All black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and come back with those tight symbols.
So we're doing it, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we started experimenting again; we're going to be able to take the power back forward, again and again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``brutality . ''
It has to do with the ant.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in scale scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the power again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know, and we activate them.
We add up and we add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't get anything.
We take Chinese and convert them in skyscrapers, which can be measured measures made of glass.
The shapes grew up, won in audacity and colorful.
The songs became columns.
The queens grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy thing.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's possible with a fan of bread sticks.
This is what's happening with journalism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories of other places.
I know very well, and all you know, this is not the Titanic.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratization.
We download the historical symbols; we now have new design techniques by computer, and we find new components -- a few ways that are stuck against other forms.
This is academic and marketing, and it's super imposing; you're completely excluded.
Normally, the pendulum will again be opposite.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is made.
It's the Gubberb of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper took this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao went in a 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Springhom.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how do you become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were governed around them and quickly learned that these shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor in the world.
So everybody thought if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other stars.
He happened to Zambia and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to pass all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation goes up: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerate . You can see in newspapers, on the television, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere now -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't really have a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you've designed, four years ago was success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Bruta was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have the idea of how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the power to media, it starts getting better and faster, and it's going to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came out.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly to the product, there were no surprise.
The building became part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, these are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes a circuit with collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Livinga librarians.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's the ammunition.
Music that can lead to the mayor of Living, to people in Vivian, and tell you that there is no single response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use gravitational words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you're not going to leave the architecture.
And that means that it's the crazy pride of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Nevada can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what it must be a stadium.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are embedded to nature's careers and not contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the West River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, no longer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little baby and fiber pavilion as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and smarter buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're no longer on the opposite side.
Find an architect, contract and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, star.
I just got a year, and it already started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the kids of a year, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's completely precious.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives yourself these big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think,``When do you do this? ''
How do we suddenly don't do with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is Facebook, it's 13 and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it only wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little afraid, it's a little confused, because, despite his mom tells it all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
And what your mom tells you and what your friends, or your friends, say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, put it on YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, which doesn't even deserve the mind to think about them.
We're talking about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, speaking, giving me, I like ,"and eating, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that are incompatible.
This environment, to be always connected, is encouraging our kids to self-confidence in the number of``I like ,"they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic, and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most detailed thing in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the girls's news now.
zero-sum models continue to dominate our passports.
The sargassum technique is now a routine.
And trends like:``The text ,"hydrogen, bike, birthday.
For those of you who know it, it's likely to mean properties.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the upper stars of sports, and shipping singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and are good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as opposed to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in the classroom debates because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One out of five are not holding up to class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the season season, if you don't think you're going to see enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you're going to get a smaller note to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, in order to be clear, we're talking about how you see, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is melting academic performance.
And it's also chasing health.
Tensal teenage teenagers make less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more unhappy diets than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that it's all that they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, static diets, aesthetic surgery, sex relationships to early ages and no protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have greater rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
releasing this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that??
Well, talking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to fit trust in its own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six ways are crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but faced with this problem requires each of us that we take in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell our politicians in order cuts or the size of their chest or the size of their chest, or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can begin to do that by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were getting a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our kids grow to value all their people, value the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them those who come out on the big screen because we're only going to create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never seen by being who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives.
Who they have in mind?
Does your wife?
You?
Is it his daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who's about two seats of distance . What would it mean for her if it was released from that authentic voice inside, which will hold him to not have long legs, more thin, a more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we did this, and we would say, does it go to your potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images are giving us all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We changed each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small range of a year of today, become agents of safe change.
Let's do it.
On November Five , 1990, a gentleman named Shedry Norman entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder the rabbi Peter Kahn, the leader of the Jewish Defense League.
We initially declared it initially, but it's being prisoners for other charges, in company of others, started planning attacks at about 12 countries in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Luckily those plans frustrated by a FBI report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, Noam would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Shakespeare Noam is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, a primary school teacher, among the two did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all religion, in all human groups, there's always a little fraction of people who are going so quickly to their convictions that think you have to use all possible media to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to travel in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Columbian board that, without knowing our group, was dead by the FBI.
When I turned to me, my father helped me to hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to go to the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot, I gave the little orange light on the goal, and, for all of all, especially, all the goal in the flames.
My uncle became to the other and in Arabic, said``Abanda Abu . ''
As a parent, such a child.
All, the comment produced them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a a few pounds of explorations in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and beat another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``ambiguous", which means you . .
When I got 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, it was time to take and go to another city.
As I was always, the new face of the class often was victims.
It was secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, quiet and Redwood, was enough.
So most of the time is going on home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to tell you so often, for growing under financial, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educated me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open my eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of math almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, to the end of the convention, I found that one of the kids who we had made friendships, was Jewish.
I took several days to go to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had had to believe that it was infrared.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found out with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in my character's development.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay men were bad influence.
Unfortunately, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the smartest and less critical I'd seen in life.
And I've been accused of child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to deal with amazing people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be gay, but I know what it is to be judge for something beyond my control.
Then he came the``David Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my intuitions, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my Twitter figure at a moment where I was desperately needed.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that would be in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with somebody who has been influenced enough with endless diagnosis and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred on your inner.
My real name is not Zipcar Evaluation.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put it in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've been doing it because I hope somebody, someday, to whom you're trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, that even though I was convicted to this violent and intuitive ideology, I didn't get me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those acts meaningless, as a result to my father's actions.
With this simplicity, I'm exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, which kids don't have to follow their parents's roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multinational film.
It's in 3D, and it has sound sound of what they hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has armor, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure . .
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the film are you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you, you and you.
There's nothing that we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, no one knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predicted that vision.
Now, psychology had been studying the behavior, the neuroscience was actually the brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said,``now it's time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a planning of science work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kahn introduced a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of neuroscience work responds some questions that we want it to explain the consciousness, the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
Not neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
So I don't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why is all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like packaging, like the hurricane, like life, and let's find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the packaging, how hurricane people work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolism living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we're talking, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, it's the question for why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of authoritarian that works . For a long time, I hit me the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great, we used to this; physics explained chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Deno, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal movie film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, brain behaviors, and that's what it needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brick: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes the list of how much it is.
In the 19th century, Max discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and so he put the basic laws of the electromagnetic, and it costs electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load, then by logic, you have to alert the list.
The most natural would be able to cure consciousness itself as something fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to handle scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want very simple laws that we can put them on a row.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called psychiatrists:``bread ,"by all of us,``psychiatrist"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes from Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has a degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or thinking.
It's not that a picture can be full of heartbreak when you think,``Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can never download and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some crude, subjective feeling element, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy??
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is to link consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there is consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
So, something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Gilling Tong, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a chicken, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information from information, a high degree of a chicken, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there is a middle degree of information integration, quite significant, very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of chicken says.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of chicken, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychiatric can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often noticed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality of reality.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where does the fire go out of the equations? ''
From the psychiatric vision, the equations of physics can be left, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of warning.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, private vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have quite serious social consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a pancreas and accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think it's good, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not both the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie``Have"movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information vision, she has a complicated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and ethics to catch them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now, we have a TED collective awareness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must take seriously.
So this psychic view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is universal, which is universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If no, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally go to discover.
To understand consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education of education.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I was fighting me with my lower sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to take me for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's a evidence.
She's actually not gotten anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's board, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Budget the Salvaboard Sala"and``Daniels's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know it.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school, just after about 20 minutes in the classroom 11 minutes, a boy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What is speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the death law for a few minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Please, in the acts of acts . ''
And then, when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we're not . and it's not the fault of the boy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our ministers.
We're not real people . We are there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you specifically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've been in relation to disability.
Yes, we've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, A Mashimora, Master.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make an exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lies through social media . .
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invited ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before I abandoned, Intel! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the girl without hands drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs out of carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the dry term, because they're making a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're going to be able to make the designers in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, by very bad, my life could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that I've been amazed by wanting to express that they believe I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name, and this is to match.
These images, those images are going to make people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had a few things.
But the things we know are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"unfortunately because I'm supposed to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society in which we live in our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as you do, and that's what happens to kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their capacity.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do it, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it tells you as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here building inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, star, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disabilities at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue pieces to collect the things that you get to me . I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery on the chair battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that explores it and it makes us.
I really think that that lie that have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us the hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs face has never done it to become a ramp.
Never . smiling on a television screen will not be able to appear the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to turn all those books into the glow.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Buffalous The Sala Sala"is not considered anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names over the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school school is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you believe about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy??
And what is the average speed of a non-linear knee?
Unfortunately, today, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't go away.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``minority Report ,"and in Tom Crick, when you were in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality increases our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing, the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see.
I'll allow them to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a $110 man is chasing us, trying to describe with all of its self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what's using Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not the images of NGO practices, because the idea of emerging technology NGOs is an underwater rising the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuwait: Go.
It's horrible to be hot.
A moment . Let's zoom up a little bit.
Predictable?
Go!
Chris Kuwait: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being trained in the football field, from the perspective of the liver.
You've realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from Washington University.
Narrator: Kansas 54! Kansas 54!
Blue 8, blue 8! Go!!
Chris Kuwait: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NYU.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it will be their favorite players, and you've asked me on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field margin.
What?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Ocean Rift, which is surely many know.
The Rift River has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Oh!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain being in his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we're going to make a video of Adam Peter crossing the line, stepping out of a marker with the arm before they ran and making an analogy?, what's going to be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Metropome running around the frame, launching the stick at the bottom of the network, or FedEx making a dream in William?
What would your experience be when you get out of a mountain over 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe you get the sales for adults.
But this is not still augmented.
It's just virtual reality, RSI.
How do we achieve the augmented reality, sir?
We're going to get the augmented reality when the coaches, the banks and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, I've been here a brief report on technology at NYU.
In 1965, the dots of Baltimore put a shot to his field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the houses of the fields, and then in the defenses.
They had more specialists because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see your next game shown in front of you, in a plastic visit that you're wearing, you're not going to worry about forgetting a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose games, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not only a manual strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your party.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones will have an information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So your computer team will be as important as your receivers, and the data analysis will stop being for nerds.
It would be also for sports . Who would have imagined?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marketing.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You're looking for an open receptor . And suddenly, a flower on the left part of your bombsight, you get a defense behind you, you're going to attack yourself . Usually, you don't see it, but the Ross system gets you.
Go to the area of protection.
Another flower tells you that there's an open receptor.
You launched the balance, but you're going down.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in your visit a area of grass that lights and can modify the career.
It's approaching, catching the balance, running and nothing.
The public locomotion and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of the augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is literally being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much does this technology be for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much does this technology go for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives in?
How much does it also be for a Commandment Hawling or a Neil Democratic Neil trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of three-dimensional and Shark notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality comes up.
The questions we do, the decisions that we're taking and the challenges we face, depend on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
And I recently retire me after 23 years of service in California Patrick in California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent them across the South Side of Marine County, which includes the Goldman Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Google Gates bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strawage, a chief engineer, who had been able to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is a lot of suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or not likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,000 people have saved their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that each since he releases all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free every five to five seconds, the body hit against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally get up in the inner water, and then you drowning.
I don't think that the ones who pollute this method of suicide is realizing the death of death that you will face.
This is the wire.
Except around two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get to before they get out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in their darker moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an office with her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the board.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who pollute suicide, but the officials too.
We've gone a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it in July 22 last year to receive a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the lamb near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to stay out of this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
He remembered the Greek mythology, Ze created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
They came out of it, you know, pictures, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few years, he joined the right, and it went.
This nice and intelligent boy in New Jersey has just taken out of life.
I spoke to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be sound very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents in Jason had been asked.
The color damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't only have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listen to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflation you need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you don't have fear to confront them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life; have you had these thoughts? ''
It confronted the person in front of the life, and it can be the point of inflation for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they'll never get better; it's important, believe that there's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I would like to read her card.
She lost her son on January 19 of January, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's his permission and the blessing I read.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends and so on.
I'm still quite sensitive, but I'm still noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with her father's 19.
It never got there.
I called the police of Peter and repeated it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two offices came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it out from the bridge at 185 of the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It must not be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GPS, the bridge Gordon Gates is supposed to be a journey through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victar . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject in the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my engine around the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed her barber, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over time and half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided for her to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he was happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it do to come back and give hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I hear me.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter of the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it . .
\" Dear Mr. Brilliant, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin continues with us.
So honestly, I think Kevin was clear by aid.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly measured.
I took Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits, but thanks to God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like it says.
We thank God for you.
Sadly in debt with you, Harry Berlin . ''
And at the end, she wrote,``Hey . When I visited the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you figure out like the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Now, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It talks openly about the events of that day and its depression with hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of its own pain, stole me the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who considered suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Generally, this is just three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called suicide around the bridge.
Those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I broke my hand into three times.
At the end, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, however, that the great majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumps out of the bridge and living, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they're left by side, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us must be involved for doing.
The suicide can be predicted.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world causes you to be what you're not, but inside you know what you are, and a question is, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, and I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved sleep that I had ever had from girls.
My outside, I finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inside.
For complicated reasons, that I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, you did it, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered I'm just starting.
All of us are listening to our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those people around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignore my story.
I think this gender is called epiphany.
This is the mine.
And I was registered as``kid"because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to join me.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought to be what I'm bad, but how the world is treating those of us who want to release.
Every single day will be a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accept me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrate the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist of compassion.
There's a Hindu god, the gods of the daughters.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman in front of me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me: this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transit beauty competition.
And that night, she said,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if he had to be able to take the inspiration and the dress, and that night, he won in the bathroom, he won in gallery suit, and it was third of all over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty camps.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was about a beauty of beauty, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the designers, especially when we went to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me, and I told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said,``You know that if you moved to the United States, can you change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to listen.
My mom suggested I was two, and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they make the surgeries more likely, sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, I needed to make surgery before they change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the George name and``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or power to get a journey, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked minerals.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
And I think in this woman's name of male Newton.
A young woman in New York who virtually lived his truth, but who, inspired, put his life . .
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Now, all of the 20 of November, we're making a global surveillance by the memorial Day of the Transformated.
I'm in this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Martin C. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day no longer than 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: George, a quick question.
George Roosevelt: Sure . See, first, thank with all my blessing.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been afraid of young women who have been killed, which I've originally raised, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, no . It's only gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender to birth, and what I'm trying to do is put it on the table, the subject that sometimes that integration doesn't square, and that there should be a space that allowed people to self-assemble, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The transit movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . BM: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know about their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were committed in 2011, when they were able to get the juvenile National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we're looking at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed a lot for having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with a son's hope, when her third daughter feels like a criminals.
Not only mother is suffering, but the daughter . The dark daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admit his brothers.
Up until 12 years old, in a way, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move around the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go in the adolescence, when I was 13 years old, it's banned to come out of his house without a male.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that honest assumption, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this supposed honor code, not only affects the life of a boy, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies which is called the obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be calm.
It's supposed to be silent and embracing the decisions of their father and mother decisions, even if it doesn't want.
If you're married with a man who doesn't like, or if you married it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a deliberate.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it a described.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The hunt, they fall it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, puts the same lesson lesson to his daughter and the same lesson to her children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
They wanted brothers and sisters, when Grace was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maryland, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grab my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You may wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in tribal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life.
It's going to be in a school that means the recognition of its identity and his name.
A school to school means it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was taking the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the amateurs of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my written sisters in any documentary.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter's sandwich.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I managed to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried intelligence in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've identified all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for humanity.
I taught my daughters, taught the students, to forget the lesson lesson.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the self-assembly call.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls who were killed and killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few spoke, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and drop when you speak for your rights.
It's really terrifying.
At 10 years old, Malcolm got up and raised by the right to education.
I wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and I spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a glamour around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and nine of October , 2012, they shot in the head.
It was a patent day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was wandering between life and death, he would whisper my wife to my wife,``Am I going to get out of what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And immediately he said,``Please don't blame you.
You define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and got together.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital, and he had severe pain pain, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm good with my tortured smile and with the excitement in my face.
I'm good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we were shocked.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't end up.
It's fighting with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my degree that has been so bold to calm so brave, expression and economics? ''
I tell you, I don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all . .
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Boston group . Google, where I've had a slide to my charge -- Google X visualization division, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is an stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Do you still be intelligent or not?
Not like that, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that created important hormones and neurosons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixing chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than once I've been saving me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed me dramatically, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried a few months and chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always angry, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some attacks . .
It turned out as an extreme . .
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, such a insecure, to fix a problem that had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . since then I get better with men.
What I tried to achieve, when you adjust those hormones and neurosciences and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas.
I would think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to?
This kind of thought is not new.
philosophers like smoke, Descartes and heroes look similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those who are asking this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . To me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So, after several years, I get to find the point right, and I have a lot of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated, sort of structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to lead the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments made by two recent groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan made by George Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scene of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual while imagined, seeing that same picture.
The column on the right is created by taking the content of the central column on the left . . You see that the difference is almost zero.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image, and imagine seeing that same picture is almost zero.
Now, let me share you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack galaxy in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves in recognized visual fields.
So let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos, while their brains looked at their brains to create a big range of brain reactions.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only brain's brain information, decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the declining of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us.
We're good about doing it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you create the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems of most available resolution today, and its resolution became a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduced electrodes.
I don't offer me for that.
Many are providing new images of images for images, even me, counting the recent result of MRI, first of all, should we ask the next thing, this technology will be the end?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvement in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a hope.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in repair of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the transistors and FM efficiency receptor, in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a uniform field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns attached to the France radio frequencies.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the Frank radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid blood fluid, but the hormones and neutralists that I mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct shape to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be responsible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15?
It's hard to imagine that it takes much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
His closet may be telling someone for the first time that love or saying to somebody who's pregnant, or saying to somebody who has cancer, or any difficult conversation that you've been through in life.
All of a sudden is a hard conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of living them and have gone out of that closet is universal.
It's fear, we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall Side, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity military: I wouldn't restore my armpits, quote the letters from Ann Den French as a letter.
And I'll be thinking that by the Holocaust of my short screen, and because I've been terrified my head, I would ask me a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a gas left . .
The father would die the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was about to go from full of the female issues on the table . I had the quote from Betty Friedman.
The quote of Gloria Stevenson.
Even a fan of the``Vagina Monologues"to show.
Then I broke down, and I went down, and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you a girl or girl? ''
And so I breathing back up again, I set up with them about her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and he has a fish.
Can you give me a poker, please? ''
And that was all . Just``Oh, you're a girl.
What about the poker I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl's child and me, both of them, we were honest.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color are the walls.
You just know how one feels in a closet.
That's how my closet isn't different than yours or yours.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of her, but this is the issue: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me me to explain somebody who has declared them in broken bank is harder than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than to tell your five year-old son who are going to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard.
We need to stop rating what it's hard to do with respect to another person to make us feel better or worse in our arms, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make sense, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse of horse, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, raised on a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay grain, and the moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, full strange ones I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world would turn back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all been following for so long, but if you don't launch that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable graduation launch was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the invited knew it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress, my black dress, I walked around the tables and finally I got to one where my parents' friends, people who knew me did years.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women scream,``I love Nathan Earth! ''
And the gay story had started.
\" Ah, are you ever in the Cassini? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Ah, you know my Amazon style?
It's very good and he has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Ah, what is your favorite television program? ''
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting for desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally he said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, like all the graduate winners.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were writing.
And what else can you ask somebody, but will it exist?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheon of Pantheon.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Sean direct . Just do it . They're going to go back.
If you know they're gay, tell me.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex ones.
You communicate your truth.
You're just arguing about that.
And some of you can go out secure wounds, sorry for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you're found in a ship, pushing a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that??
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Edward Diamonds that``The question of if a machine may think is as interesting as the question of whether an underwater can swim . ''
When Alexander Diamonds wrote this, it did it as a critic to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
We go back a step.
So first we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, it doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until certain moment in time, the asteroids that will monitor the surface of a planet historically stop doing it.
And so I argue that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which would sit, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be financially adjusted for intelligence development, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future diversity.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different themes and putting them together, asked, for a number of years: Is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = to the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of potential future future, yes, to an impending future time, that.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay caught.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having to account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it??
Is it predicting the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predicted?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that energy connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually it comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the long-term production production in any system in which it's inside.
And amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, play games of human intelligence, and even earn money by buying action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Like a human foot without falling, here we see entropy balance automatically a cake using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
I just decided for her to balance the pole.
This balance of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by traveling out of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see entropy to orchestra new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successfully connected network.
This same network capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see entropy to organize the routes of a ship floating, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we go to entropy spontaneously to discover and execute a strategy of shopping, sold in a similar series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its own management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wurman: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools use, to walk upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term of the term, the work``Uruguay"-- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebel.
The machines get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then men, and they try to rely on the world.
It's all the opposite, that the urge to take the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, instead of being the rest.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective.
I often ask me,``How do you search for goals to get away from this kind of frame? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or helping them understand human intelligence, is the next one: intelligence must be seen as a physical process trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of inflation in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Even though, in the last few years, we've gone through our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The mission mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the ultimate intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are among them and their mother star.
In a set, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth Earth of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from its sun.
Instead, this gives you about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testosterone of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is going down under humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glucose and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have quickly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a science scientist, no astronomy.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say, I look for alien opportunities in the Industrial sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search search in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets like Earth, the more of our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the world, and the planets we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world that's shown by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study both Mars.
Our Rovers as the``Curaao"trace their surface in search for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MST mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not only space flights, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these brown images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still hanging, places really elaborate in comparison with Mars.
Even in the simplest and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of kilometers away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization and other drag planets with a big shadow, which is the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this unhappy self-assembly of the only planet that we know is really habitable, Earth.
For a lot that I like planetary exploration, I'm deep with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party really will be place in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration, and the land preservation doesn't get together.
No, they're actually faces in the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world looks like aliens.
They're only close to house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Beijing paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physical physicist signed, what our universe has existed for a long time ago, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life until now.
Well, where are they??
Well, a possible solution to Beijing's paradox is that when civilizations become a technologically advanced enough to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drove this development.
It's arrogant to think that only online colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I landed my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought to call a ceremony, at least I had my cell phone, but to midnight, a ceremony could take a lot of time to get, and I cold . .
I couldn't come back home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe to the next morning, and I remembered my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but sure that not more expensive than a stroke to half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good standing.
I'm a professor neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Literary releases that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the faculty show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in the place, which prevent things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn, winner from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked to him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called positive retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the president.
They all know what the phosphorus is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the press, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things we can do in the form of a prescription.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I would spend a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where the good ones are, where the fish are, that the fruit trees, where the tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's spreading in London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the solar sense of the squirrel and still found their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move very much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the keys of the car, reading glasses and passport.
So at home, they weigh a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular one.
If you're designing a place and you're writers with it, you're always going to be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone, a picture of your credit cards, driving, password, sending yourself for yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cut.
The curtain is toxic, and the thought is.
So part of the practical practice is recognizing that low stress will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is driven as a property for all medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the rational assessment of facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says,``I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a status . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . today, it's probably likely to know people who take them.
So you're like,``Yes, I remember the status! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should be asking most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the northeast, the number needs to deal.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who must take a drug or get a surgery to any medical procedure before they help one person.
And should you think what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not about the doctor, and if it's a fault of somebody, it's the scientists like me.
We haven't really understood the underlying mechanisms.
But LGBT estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to deal with the most widely recycled state, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person?
300.
This according to the research of British Grandmoth's British researchers and Paul Harrid, confirmed independently by Bloom.
I'm exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you must ask for a statistic more, and it is,``Tell me about side effects . ''
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: democratic pain and artificial pain, space pain, but now you think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember they don't think of clarity.
So, think about how they're looking at this over time, so they don't have to make the action chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 people have side effects, that are 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get worse for the drug that you help you.
I don't say they should or not take the status.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to deal with it is pretty typical.
To the surgery that is done in the older men than 50, exploration of cancer prostate, the number needed to deal with is 1949.
So , 40 surgeries by one person who has helped.
And side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the childhood dysfunction, the residential identity, a straight rate, fecal integrity.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of those 50 percent of the effects only will spend a year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think before the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about life quality.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life than it could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change on the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases low correspondence under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems . .
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the release system or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . You could get the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all affected.
We're all going to fail every time when.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that helping him minimize damage, or to prevent that bad things happen in the first place.
So rebounding the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me, a combination of combination next to the door, with a liquid door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano is my favorite musical symbol.
It means touch.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more gently.
Two feet, even more gentle.
Four feet, extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a play tree, and you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of feet can be, you will never get to a complete silence.
That's my definition today: a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the NSA, besides a little story.
The French sign language came in during the 1800s, and over time, he mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as America.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I live in a foreign country, following slightly their rules, completes, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my allies and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't hate the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise to eat the front potato bag! ''
You don't, and when you're eating, I'm sure you won't run the covers on the dish . ''
All this is called``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think the sound tag more than what the average person does.
I'm a quick of the sounds.
And I'm always expecting the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
The BBC, for continuing.
TBP, by announced.
You can see the painted doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and blobs.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``picture"in the U.S. .
A typical pigmented has five lines.
And yet, to me, I'm going to do my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an art resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that moment, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and challenge it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was a sound, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that it could go to me and my artistic work, or I could make it.
I chose that I was shocked.
There's a massive culture around language talking.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me like the same and become my voice.
And that way I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interviews from America.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you didn't go on with this practice, I feel that I could stay in the forget and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I was deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and America.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in America.
The two are very space and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how America works.
So imagine a piano.
The NSA divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you take a different parameters for every finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, your body movement, your speed, the form of your hand, and so, as the piano is played, the English is a linear language, as if you're just going to stick it at a time.
However, America is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in America.
If only one thing would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, smallpox and volume.
In America, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``play in that . ''
This is the``play in that . ''
I'm seeing you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was taken . .
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, enough!
So I started thinking, and if I look at America through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, I could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day ,"the sun comes out and puts.
This is``all day . ''
If I repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about three different types of nights:``Night ,"`` overnight ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in America and how the distance is able to express the changes over time.
For example, one heard . It's a hand, two degrees . it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past":``Ushahidi"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``Once there was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See E: Right hand, E: left hand.
We have the painted through the head and the chest.
[ CA: Um, dog, flow) [unclear] [[ unclear] [unclear] ) I'm going to show you a way of hand called``floating garage . ''
Can you do it with me?
All with the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this . Please do me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in America.
Now, the third . Please stand again.
And again.
It's``illumination"in the U.S. .
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` collection"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how America is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very controversial world.
And only because America doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allowing America to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn America, you don't have to hear to learn music.
The NSA is a treasure, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I would like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love from us.
Thank you.
Dean Kabora: Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents would say,``You can teach everything, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, I must say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I'm getting older, I learned that adults also teach, and they're not very good to clean the others from others.
Time happened, now I'm an adult, and I'm a citizen trial and invention at Hong Kong in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait very much for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong on a workshop.
We begin to build this mysterious work of work, so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragrance.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are excited with robots.
Then we actually created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototype that we end up before.
And we transform limbs and web cameras in access, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slow down the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called``Institute ,"with hope that someone else's best.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and smoke, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and you're played with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, only using the hands, in Saudie, the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised, because this is the water that you drink, it's the water in which you fall, the water where you're fishing, the place where you live.
You can see also that water is brown, the bar and oil are also from brown color, and when everything gets mixed, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrant, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can fill through all sorts of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We take this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'm going to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they shoot several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear core in the water.
And today, according to a 300 tons average, they're still leaking from nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces for 150,000.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fundo radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, is safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, land, river, and this time we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data that day, and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the exercise, etc.
And to do this, we create a rubber map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the lift map, we introduced penguins to represent data in real time of the radiation, and we're going water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filmed from the top of the mountain to the river system and discovered in the ocean.
It was an approach.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear nuclear to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles of nuclear central, and with the aid of fishermen from the area, we were collecting sediments of sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, basically, you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually come back with adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: acceleration! Alligrakes!
Seriously, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientists, creators, creators, we must prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin computers, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other thing creates.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Miguel Minister said that when he looked at the market in brutal, he saw a figure that struggled for being free.
The circle was only a magnetic Michelangelo tool.
But live beings are not collective.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information that's required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by local manufacturing and production.
The mountain lines have discussed a world made of parts, including the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a substances with different functions with different functions.
But you don't find any monetary materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin signals are thin with diamonds.
The skin stories are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other principle as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin: no parts, there are no self-assembly.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of praise.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, twice as much as designers and architect to work currently between the paintbrush and the gene, between the machine and the growth, between the self-assembly and growth, among Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions in the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, on its simplest level, try to bring these two visions in the world, coming from the self-assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they connect four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, big scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a basis that some day not very far away to print whole buildings, and graphics to nanotechnology made genetically modified microorganisms.
Here we've been reinventing the cell, an old Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a lack, and this was for a fashion parade from Paris with Iran van Hero . It's like a second skin made from one piece, run in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D Street printing collaborators, we print this layer and 3D without positions between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 miles.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a IQ scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that adapt not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
The Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes solar.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rice, peaceful and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, is worth its functionality not through the addition of another material or another subsidies, but by moving around and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
Isn't there part of nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she says,``In the third day of the creation, God sent Earth to grow a fruit loaded tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between wood, branches, leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask me,``What would design would be if the objects made one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material from fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The most abundant biologist on the planet is called a square, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, bored and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune your properties, we could generate molecular structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal flour . We asked a lot of shrimp of shrimp, we smell them, and we produced waste cake.
Taking chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at a big scale, it was built a system with multiple boats of extraordinary controlled control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material -- three feet long , 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, it lets them dry to find a natural shape to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
Air bubbles that were a byproduct of the process of printing were used to contain catastrophic microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria designed genetically to capture very quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh problem, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit load tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: For objects designed to being blocked, put in the sea, feed marine life; and put on the floor, help grow a tree.
So the chess for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for planetary travel.
To do that, we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
Like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computer, made in an additive form of biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid algorithm, only instead of treating precious metals, new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microorganisms.
The first one is community.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water stations.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that inhabit human intestine.
One convert light in sugar, the other sugar consumed and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution evolution.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that takes care of the digital tract, helping that they flow these bacteria and they alter their way into their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, versus the properties of the material according to it.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This weak digital system, when you stretch from one extreme to another, is 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a professor at TED, our first cover photographer, bright liquid channels with life within the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Shah said,``We are a moving creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair tissue, and they would be our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material.
You also know that nature doesn't do that like that.
It grows . Stay with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolism.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a competition.
tension and understanding, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works, we set a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the grass.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk of silk.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would hurt a flat cap and still metabolism . .
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the structure of the toilet, are directly transmitted by the environment.
They often look at silk worms to death within their cubs, their silk goes up and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants could shape the raw silk without boiling a single chapter.
It's going to be metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we were placed in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms towards darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed the silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to iron with us.
We put them carefully at the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and as they were they were dancing, they grew up, they put eggs, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and he was right.
When you've been using biological silk on the shining silk, you give all this panels your integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms hit 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the clinic, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pants in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A thread silk through a robotic arm, the other empty car.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
What leads us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new design era, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be? ''
If you had to remember what age had when they asked them for the first time?
You can demonstrate with the toes.
Three . Five . three . Five . Five . Five . .
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and art and developed websites.
You may have heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is not a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm going to get on it, and I'm going to absorb and feel,``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start to deal with me.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go in that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to become a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I had to deny all my other passions, and I'm going to give it back.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad about me for not defining me for anything.
I was worried to be afraid of commitment, or to be dispersed, or advertising or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned: they learned from culture.
We're asked first,``What do you want to be more? ''
We're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you're going to take at that age.
It's considered an naive question to bring cute responses in kids like,``Being astronomy ,"or``I want to be a pirate . ''
They insert the transmission of Harlem here.
This question is done again and again as we grow in different shapes, P, and high school students are asked you're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before to what sleep takes.
Why?
If this issue inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you can say,``Oh, what cute, but you can't be craftsmen and psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is architectural of rape and psychotherapy.
And this Amy N, a magazine editor, converted to income, entrepreneurs, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of destiny or the real voting, the idea that each one of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel only.
You may feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad about you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multicultural is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bank to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sheryl refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to look at humanity as limitation or application that you must beat.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multicultural superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in intersection.
St. Hawking and Rachel Bible expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, math and design, in front of the founding.
It's a company that creates jewelry generally inspired.
A and Rachel came up with this unique idea for her mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas do.
And the multicultural, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multicultural superpower is fast learning.
When we multiply ourselves for something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're based on being principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid to test new things and come out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area we're going to have, so we rarely start with zero.
Norman dunes is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist, they perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanics known.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launch for editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to make what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have predicted.
The third multicultural superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abu Cooper is sometimes director of videos, other people, website designer, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their customers.
Fair magazine compared adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and incredibly, which are the individuals and organizations that can prevent to satisfy the market needs, which really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability: three skills where the multicultural ones are very adept, and three skills that you could lose if they're pushed to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the musicians to be themselves.
We have complex problems, right now, right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be legal neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing bad in you . either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialists and a multiple employees.
The specialists can dive deep and put in ideas, and the multicultural offers a broad knowledge of knowledge.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are threatened with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the musicians in large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: Remember with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best thing.
But for the billionaire in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, recognized with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit providers.
explode the intersections.
Abuse our internal cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And maybe the most important thing, multicultural, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman called August took a psychiatrist in France.
And it was delivered, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexis.
Achilles didn't know how to help Austin, but I was flying for her until, unfortunately, he died in 1960.
After his death, Achilles made a freeway and found strange plates in the brain's brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone had been alive today, we couldn't give her to her more help than the man gave him 125 years ago.
Achilles was Dr. Altos Alzheimer Alzheimer.
And August determined, the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
And they've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, states for cars and much more.
But it's been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live up until 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their loved years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend or being dear with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its costs provide a five times rise in 2050, as it gets the generation of the baby baby.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively enough to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 first death causes all over the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slowed its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what time people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 110 years, all, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's aging with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy old brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to designing a loss of memory loss and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused significantly the hope of life and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the brain's brain about a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
We know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This causes the protein molecules to stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and knees.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what happened to block is complex, like adding a bomb.
And a wire could do anything.
To cut the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have been reduced and expected the best thing.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see they're moving with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are sticking into them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they're healthy and they live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this show that Alzheimer Alzheimer is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 125 years of waiting, there's real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not scientists like me, it's you.
We must tell us that Alzheimer Alzheimer is a disease, and that if we try it, we can make it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gained more research and exercise on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late '80s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austin, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me speak for them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times Modern Museum in January this year.
To love somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I test it myself a night of last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are thrown to make 36 questions increasingly personal, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As it moves forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- I really like it -- Tell your partner what you're grateful from him or her, and I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the gossip that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
We didn't work, we love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love for a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself: Are you still?
And the reason I think you're questioned is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But we go back to the subject.
A week before the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so, I had been trained to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he got, I had no idea.
The article was published online a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I had already called me the Stone Show and the Google monster.
In a month, the article received over eight million hits, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with sync on very love experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or wrote, what they did every day for weeks, always, first the same question: still still?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email's mailbox with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Man where your girlfriend's? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the email of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have stolen life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers when they test the study in different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both did a public apartment together.
I got television interviews, and they were asked by the pictures of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to turn into the internal icons of the love process, a range for which I didn't sit in the absolute qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked: whether it was able to produce personalized love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether we're going to follow together or not, and also to tell you?
If the answer was no, it would make the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur arrested first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Rather than that, I was looking for an interesting approach between college students, using what Reagan called supportive, progressive, professional appearance.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were more close to doing that -- various studies were also using the Army rapid protocol of Reagan as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little college of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and said to me, and he said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed crazy for it.
And I: Do you mean you love the person who you did?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I: But got better friends?
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I was struck with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really hard separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, what I was supposed to probably all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without it.
So I turned in science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that I could sort of make your heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I only investigate for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seemed really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I was then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can do.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask: still still?
And his content with an answer of Yes or no.
So more than a question, I would propose to ask us that we ask questions more difficult, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay love when things complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a known, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
We stay in love because we take the choice of being.
And I'm excited about reading it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to be that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have two times to make that decision, and how much time it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always pick me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love somebody so generous, nice and fun and expressed that election in the largest daily daily daily election.
But what I've done, instead, is turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the ultimate happy ending in the title of my article, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose somebody, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of links in a mountain, and in a way, I got like a burst of the forest.
One time ago, New York City does a time ago . Something that really affected me, but more detail . .
I would start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make up and all those weird things -- and I was making a line for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I pulled up all the pages and I made a kind of cell called the Agnes Martin style, the resin covered and a bee left.
Well, my mother is afraid to bees, and it's tragic to them, so I add more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite: somehow seemed to rise up, as if you look at the text with a lamp.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles I was finding out the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow around, draw the same way that you do around a truck on the crime scene.
And I pulled out the objects and created my own invented species.
First of all, Botswana -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Nigeria.
It was great, man . .
So at some point, I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculpture sculptures with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I missed.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that made a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
And so I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, I call``tagged . ''
So for``temperature"me inspired me in a big measure in``The Delight garden ,"which is a painting at the meadow of the meadow in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the target . explain this piece.
It weighs 11 kilos.
Five feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the London.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh industry where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed in the face, ready to suicide in the ocean . .
The ocean is composed from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a advertisement.
Bill Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the Palestinian platform of the Wall spill, the room of Osama bin Laden, there are all sorts of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a computer.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he finds oil in a hand while the other hand comes out.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythology that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the traffic.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a transformation, like a bird, and you spit clouds from this trade.
It also has a table of five feet long, a snake tail that binds the``traffic . ''
Anyway, your tail is a fire, you're going to go on a volcano.
I don't know why that.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a corner odor made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980, as if they were baseball card cards.
It takes me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: one is called psychologists.
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is a file of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they come together, divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking years.
Each is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can reverse the entrance.
I'm going to put them for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it cover the penis or nonsense, or whatever it has, a kind of indigenous thing.
It's a quick rate of these works because I can't explain for you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the toxic Christmas.
Can you see it??
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Peters Women.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painting, a musician, a writer, a record, a radio email, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that spread all the content that we do in the world . and a garden.
We're moving the box and all the people in front of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you give up who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't begin to exchange those things with thumb and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you're hurt your head?
Take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first of the stomach, the trains and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system, which is the most effective system, so that any side medication in the body.
The disadvantage, however, is that when you swallow any drug, you're going.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the recession of DNA cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they're going to be able to reach the blood stream, they differ, and worse still for the time they're going to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: at HIV.
These are regions from the body as the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incomplete, and it doesn't easily go in the blood tower of patients that are set to regular drugs with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today's drugs that is a treatment of life who is driven by oral.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the drug of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in ideology, for the care of wounded and diabetes, you can use for anything imagined, including the internal transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They're like,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small and powerful laser ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're now testing this technology in a video or in plates of Beijing, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incident in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an incident that distributed the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem very much.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV from the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, institutions or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
To understand these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be an argument between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st signed agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 they signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we must understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict process.
But how do you do it??
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but no one's looking at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-computer policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Blue Blood, known by its violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980, Healar has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
The same way, the Palestinian Palestinian, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machine of communication: radio stations, television channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, it's printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising recovery, but through profitable businesses -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbes.
Heigh offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to make the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The task of Taliban in an Afghanistan in an Afghanistan, or even the beginning of the ISIS rise, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and enables these to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 of Palestinian Hama can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they're full of the gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, we are less able to catalog them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrie?
They Sunday part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash, they manage the sub-specialize system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel?
Or maybe it's something new, something new and different.
And what is ISIS??
The lines are distributed.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid nations, and the weaker the states are, like the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because in contrast to these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and comfort peace.
If we get better to armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to violence.
In this new distance between states and non-lethal actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that safety gap, to fill that governance gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are seen, but I'm afraid to accept the``feminist"tag, would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I was shocked as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started to call the Bad feminist.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate procedure, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these birds, these birds, angry with men and hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accident, a taboo and unpleasant word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or higher to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are irresponsible: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same line for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to, free of August or violence.
We have right to use an easy and accessible way and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislation control or electronic doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you need to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have to account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I lead to work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter is degraded to women, and I was deeply offering me, the classic``Sala Shah"of the Sierra Hong Times is incredible.
\" Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
dog, give it, move up until it hurts you! ''
Think about it.
Is it pure poetry, right?
I'm completely amazed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the garbage collection, the care of the grass and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The rose is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Baby ,"and romantic comedy, and I have a lot of amputables of the fairy stories that are made.
Some of my dolphins are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raising his kids, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is embedded in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or displaced historically the needs of the color women, the workers, gay and transgendered women in favor of white women, heterosexual, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
The next thing is: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We've got this tendency to put feminist detailed in a pedestal.
We expect it to take away the perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would rotate them with a lot of like the same pediatrician where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, and I'm already afraid of that pediatrician before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist ,"by fear to what that tag means, for fear, not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
Take the example to Beijing, or like I call it, the Game.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Mars Muslim videos in 2014, at MTV, in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a gorgeous show, seeing this pop star open the feminist and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started endless debates if Benki was or not feminist.
They trained their feminist, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the perfection of feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, to break it until it doesn't happen.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little more brave.
If I listen to a degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we're running the change affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why has its music to be so sticky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify, it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and our responsibility.
I think about my niece, three and four years old.
They're two gorgeous, determined and brilliant girls, and also very brave . . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're appreciated by strong creatures that are.
I think in them, suddenly, the best option is used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport, you see the Tumor game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film elsewhere when movies don't treat women than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a bag.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are represented, but invited to participate in this kind of projects, we can also deny us to be included until more as us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making.
Because we're not beautiful . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments will mean very little.
We can take these little acts of value and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in direct power and film producers and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make big decisions, more brave, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also add our feminist, well, bad, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"says,``preferred to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because my voice was stolen, and the feminist helped me.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
And a few kids hit me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if nothing.
I started believing it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And with it, I came back to me.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if it was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the one that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I'm holding the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say, and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a bit brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year , 130 children in California had a measles for having visited Disney or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cuba.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that was unleashed about autism and disaster-captured vaccines, disappointed and marked for being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their kids in danger.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of the rise of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it created all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the prevalence of prevalence followed only three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers started shooting.
Force recovery organizations like autism Spanish refer to autism as an epidemic, as if it could meet another child in Disney.
What's happening?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the University Center Center, what's happening, they tend to be based on phrases like broad diagnostic criteria and``a better case detection"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fear of a young mother who's looking for his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnosis of diagnosis had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress of science than the sensory power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kennedy, the Johnson Hopkins hospital . in 1993, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, none of the people around, even their own parents.
They could be able to be fun for hours crawling their hands on their faces, but they were the prey of the panic by memories as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansas special that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they collect reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kanzi for the diagnosis of autism were very restricted.
For example, I described to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know the epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was judge that he had become nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to their office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not true.
It classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and discarded.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator who doesn't choose.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are focused on certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, holding things like kids were simply recording what they had heard their favorite parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was rare.
Lord Win, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the American mothers in Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Russia.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sweden without special education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Julian Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years ago.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They signed a London suburbs called Cambridge to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What they saw, of course, the Kansas model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were angry in their fascination for an astrolabe, in dinosaurs or the generation of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in nice and heavy squares, as Judaism said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the local model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before??
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1948, next year in the article of Kanzi, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this piece of competition, but he avoided statistically to mention it in his own job.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises with music, and kids follow their games all over the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a psychological disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated the development of education methods that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that had a amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture as the Spanish social scientist and the professor.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Larry and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was frequent, like the parents were the causal.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
At the end of the '80s and principles of the '90s, their changes went in a video, holding the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and even Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken rain.
And essentially, when Lord and Judy worked between markers to reform these criteria, people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I was going``Ray Man"in 1988, just a small circle, just a small circle, who knew what autism was, but after the survivor of Dishape Hollywood as Ramanda Babbage and the recognition of``Ray Man"with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Royal Man"changes and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis started to rise, just like London and Judy, actually expected it to be, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were deserve.
So Andrew Makoko came to blame the vaccines for the rise in diagnosis, a simple, powerful, secret story as bad as the theory of Kanzi that autism was frequent.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzle to solve by new medical advances, when the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a building world for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Asperger, which creates that the``cure"for the most compelling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Zipira Gates once said,``We need all the hands in covered to encourage the ship of humanity . ''
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to tackle the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford waste or a brain.
Thank you.
