You know what I do is I write for the kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the most read in the U.S .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell into you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle of which I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of the class .
When I was beaten to bleed every week in the bathroom , until a teacher saved her life .
She saved my life as she saved my life in the bathroom .
He was doing it on secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had an thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults , we never get to know .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that guy that I know you 've found .
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get bored with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me , it became a <unk> box and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , and it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was done in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs to be true and beauty , and I 'm very happy today , and I 'm very happy today .
You also need dignity , it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first icebergs .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
Let me put you around the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think it was about a snowflake about a snowflake about snow after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers or break the walls of ice .
Each iceberg has its own personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and become a lot of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by seeing an iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As an eardrum melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As an eardrum is melts as an eardrum releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I get close to photograph these icebergs as if it was my ancestors of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are only in that way , and they will not be going to be there again .
It 's not death when they melt melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its path through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice 's ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The latest pictures I 'd like to show you are an iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's rare to actually see a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see on the left , a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and man is there .
This is a iceberg iceberg , average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so I mean , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby , every single baby .
So two couples each one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and sperm joins the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both turned on and starts life .
We 'll get back to talking about them later .
In my activity , they 'll fill two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an training an training , and what I study in this case is the way people started anatomy the anatomy -- of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've been considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what have you thought about the body .
The other role that I do in my work is an activist , as a patient 's patients , or as I say sometimes , an impatient advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> , and people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology do n't fit into the male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
And it takes a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways that you have to have a sex with no male or female forms .
For example , it 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY gene whose gene <unk> of the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which becomes testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , testes must produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops into a female typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not , until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing exams they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think to be a typical woman of women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to suggest that the woman who was born with testicles who have the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a male male -- he had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy and I just found out he had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had 20th chromosomes , and the uterus , the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were actually exposed to the hormone component , the typically male component .
He was born with a child ; nobody suspected anything .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by greenhouse menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , she was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , that is , they have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they 're <unk> , fraternal twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgery is not to be able to have better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason that they go through several surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; supposedly black means to have the African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you presented to a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism concept .
Imagine the amazing thing that it is to have children are born like two people within one body .
The greatest case is the most high year of last year with South African runner , and they put in canvas in the <unk> in the Berlin Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called a question , `` What do you test to do to determine whether ? Is it a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you to reporters that there is no such exam .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or men or <unk> and women and women and <unk> , and we 're all of us who draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through the science , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we were thinking of these categories , which were stable categories that would be cut directly with <unk> categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on science , we get more and more into an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and in the end of life .
It 's hard to fix a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in the audience , but I know within the <unk> respect to when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of him put a pen in front of his nose , and if it was still not <unk> .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to address the dilemma to actually determine the death of somebody , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the single categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories might be celebrating someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I stand with people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
You know , these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent favorite of my Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious , and so radical , in what they did , I find that musical and watching that music `` 1776 '' and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's what happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
The Founding Fathers were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
What they had was an anatomic concept , and I would plug it with another one that was radical and beautiful , and it stayed for 200 years .
And , like everyone remembers , what was wrong with our Founding Fathers was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming to the water right from the right of the grandfather to the father and then the son , and so on .
Parents remember that idea and replaced it by a new idea of anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They ran the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences . That was something that was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
The democracy was built , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if we look at the story of the Founding Fathers , which many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and they had been rejected by the concept of the supernatural power passed through a vague notion of the birth of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , Independence and talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and God 's nature .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were passing the idea of an anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And women succeeded .
Then the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the Civil Rights Movement , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are going to give an anatomical coincidence on anatomical difference , and again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we need to start asking questions why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example : I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we needed to test anatomy .
I do n't want to say that five year-old children would be allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical lines that for me , and that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings who were going back at the beginning of this talk .
We have two creatures , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , three months before time : June 1 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in a term : I was born on March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that he was born three months before Mary are attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that , not because he has a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , if you 're considered to be considered a man now , he 's <unk> at the mandatory mandatory <unk> he does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in all states with a woman , but Mary can get married with a woman just in some states .
So they still persist an anatomical categories that are in various aspects of ways and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went through as much in the field of anatomy that we get to about to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes I feel like the science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems like what 's happening in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we need to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at some point has decided to get married with a man , you do n't have to have Y chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have Y chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test tests to people .
But this is also very strange by given the story that I told you about the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding of the founding of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I Have A Dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the contents of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks pretty good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How to judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out as well that I 'm not sure that we should be passionate about this to give people rights to people , because I admit that I know that I know some of them <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them I know can make more informed , smart , mature decisions about their sex relationships than people from 40 I know .
So how do you put in practice the subject of character ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I know is it seems to be very important than the United States continue to lead this current of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to make good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is sensitive to less , unless you 're willing to have a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the one of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had to give birth twins to then separate them and then they grow their fame .
But when the phone asked her , the reason for the operation was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of the <unk> machine ? ''
United States offers tremendous possibility of people to be who are who they are without intending to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , in closing I mean I 've been talking a lot that I 've been talking about .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it could have been , if we had given greater participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas that come from different entities that are all about different vantage experience , in particular if there are people thinking about .
For years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in looking at the sexual difference .
And one of the things that have been interested in the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and dealing with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate graduate , one of my advisors that I knew I was interested in feminism feminism was as a feminist , as I was like , <unk> me a strange question .
`` Tell me what a feminism is about . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing women in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , I 've been more like there 's something that 's female about feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brains and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people on the state of the state , it 's possible that , I was giving more mothers to this concept , perhaps enriched the concept of protection with `` reciprocal support . ''
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
And in 2007 , I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinking about where you want to live and work , it has the possibility of choosing between a bunch of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city that 's willing to do it .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than its construction cost .
So easily , we could get to the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it just took off by building buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments because they were owners , and in the other half , they will not stop that .
You could try to increase the ability to increase <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas around them have a set of rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , building a brand new building building , always , and when the norms of that place would be built instead of putting bycatch .
So I proposed that governments were going to include new reform areas to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
I later found that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> will crawl out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> imposed on a platform in which they promise reforms and at the same reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet chief .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under a charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much of technologies like rules to make progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
He showed him to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room of a hotel conference .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their cost cost .
And I used this picture that shows the land value in a place like New York . Notice , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter of a charter is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not want to live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to go back and I 'd talk about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that to be a lot of value to a city , this has to be very large .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince them that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that you want to measure it for minus 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of the Congress came to the platform and he said , `` Professor Morgenbesser , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with countries , they could benefit from countries associated with them to establish and fulfill the charter of the charter , so that everyone could be confident that the charter will effectively be done .
We went and looked at a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily capture a thousand square miles .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional disposal that could create these special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress favor this constitutional amendment was consumed .
All of the parties , all the factions in society , was really going to get to me .
To <unk> in the Constitution , you have to spend twice in Congress .
The 17 of February was passed again in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24 to February 24 , a <unk> delegation was to the two places in the world who are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea , and it 's larger than the center of Boston .
Everything that you see there was built in four years , after four years by getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , two cities have been built in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and at the same time would be able to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the court of the final court for this new justice system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that would want to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would like to be changed immediately somewhere else .
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job -- sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to you to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , clothing , and more recently , photographing and publish in my blog and bold , colorful , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different , different and different ,
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is the second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go back to meet <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and my aspect is unique , and buy my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Would you like the color ?
Would it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel like I won .
Going back to the topic of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings you to someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear to exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know myself as the woman walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets of sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned on this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost see them phenomenal by less than 50 dollars .
All the set , including the jacket , it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : The color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be in bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is integration .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself , and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand it , you will also tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I 'm going to play the costumes , or I remind them of their little seven-year-old .
I like to tell you , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : The confidence is the key .
If you think you 're right with something , it 's almost certain you are .
And if you think you do n't see it well with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style of personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without saying a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me , just by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things out .
I do n't need to emotionally emotionally like these things , because around the corner , there 's always going to be another <unk> , colorful , brilliant suit , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a brain plane .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be someone who is totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great <unk> in both hemispheres .
It 's not that they 're any other exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to deal with these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put ourselves to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As intuition that you may have developed over the years of the years is that one thing can be only in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound odd to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking lot .
It was a small child , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you play with that bar in that parking bar parking lot taught a valuable lesson , and that is that the big things not allow them to <unk> them , and that we stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and the so-called quantum mechanics theory .
At that point there was a few years ago , you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But they did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
And that did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's not because it does n't really play with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not very much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well at my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here 's a very good approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of a little bit of metal , a springboard and a springboard and that stands together on a platform .
And then I did this almost like the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of <unk> that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it , it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it 's being on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up and leave that stuff , because I do n't want to bother you , or , in fact freaked out .
Quantum mechanics says inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> <unk> of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines the lights and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave from quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , we then introduced an Roomba and pulled out the air , and then we cool it up to a temperature at least above zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure their movements .
We found that it moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying still still , he was vibrating . And the way that I would find it was like a breathing in this way -- as a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving him a soft soft , we were able to make it <unk> , and you would n't get it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : every trillion atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain moments when they line up .
In the rest of time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every single atom is in two different locations at the same time , which means that all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was a cold sentence in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom , and that metal little bit is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different locations at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why do n't you have it too ?
I mean , it 's my logic that talks about .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , what would that be like ?
How did your consciousness act if your body was going into space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and we turned the lights into the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just taken on a small space .
You hear a lot of it talk about that quantum mechanics claims it all interconnected .
Well , that 's not as true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that is the profound rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss , which allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 museums very interesting in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is just about this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
I do n't have a great education -- I did n't get bored , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go in a museum , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to do it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
Let 's better show you the demo , and then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from the launch .
So , just : let 's go back to you .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art Museum of New York .
There are two ways to do that -- very simple .
We click , and , let 's go , we 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Mumbai or questioning , that really does n't matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Would you like to navigate the museum ?
We open up the top , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hall .
keep going forward . That <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now , I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` Guys '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get to do with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to dig deeper into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get there even further down and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another favorite of my favorites , `` The <unk> night . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really manages it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I had never seen it like this before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite functions .
There are many things more here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create its own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , I 've created this function I call `` The power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom around .
This is `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think , for me , the main thing is that all incredible things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even come from museums either .
Maybe I should n't say this .
They actually come from those artists .
And that has been my humble experience .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's it . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening .
I have something to show you .
It 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom . But the reason I show you this is that there 's something really interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a career for Formula 1 , I took a budget and we 'll take it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you made the race .
This is what , in engineering , the real-time control system .
It 's basically a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter in our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're turning into the air .
And as such , they 're beginning to respond differently , and they can be screened for and detected .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
Seventy-five percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 consumption .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections and <unk> are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition by Paola <unk> for the purposes of year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` uncle '' to me .
Well , our objects , the environment , they start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all atoms existing sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outside environment .
It 's kind of like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses , he says , `` At the end of the end , he took the hammer , and he threw him in the Moses -- you know , you can still see a little bit of a little flesh , and he said , `` <unk> study <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they played Italy and France , and at the end <unk> gave <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity of the activity .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the late early days , there are people over here and there making calls , moving .
It starts out : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She makes Italy , yes .
That night everyone went to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everyone fell down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo , where from the Roman era , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things that we use and consume .
Today we know all about the sources of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put them together .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash on the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago , to label what they were throwing ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that all of all modes .
Then we put a little chip , a label , in the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from it .
From Seattle .
After a week .
With this information we realized there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
There 's complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we think is that if you look at every single day that the cup that we throw does n't go away , that is still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we drop one day still goes on there .
And if we show that to people , then we can be able to promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection , and so many other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It started with a question of the mayor of town , who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , add to that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was imagine you have a trunk line and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and closing .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If you fall the pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it very much .
And let 's take a commission to design the building to the entrance to the entrance .
We call it the Digital Water trait .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors no windows , but when you 're coming up , you open up so you can go .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it goes down the roof .
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture disappears , like in this case .
And so there 's always going to be someone in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there , and he said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that you 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost the whole architecture of architecture .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going on what 's going on inside .
And here I 'm just trying to get wet , when the sensors open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would be open to let you go , but a building that was still making slices and holes in water , and you had to jump to get wet .
( <unk> . ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people will give them our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact with , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels , the water pixels , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel , which changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
Sort of a flexible display like this with normal setup in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind of guy .
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixel cloud where you can come up and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real controlled <unk> , going down to the bottom to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , it looks like this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the star of the <unk> in New York City and La Scala of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and used as input to <unk> .
So here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left side you see the pixels , the capture in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can be <unk> all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something , and it changes our surroundings , like a farm farm like farmed farm , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could make all of them <unk> a little bit .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , we can get self-organizing from networks , to the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we move from digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people to be involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered the pixel .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So it 's both a physical cloud of heaven as something that you can rise up , like a new top of London .
You can go there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only a few changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for more precise , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways , be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and safer .
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you like ?
What would you like to choose something ?
Audience member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would you choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . Probably because of the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
There it makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or may maybe be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a look at a physician on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church <unk> <unk> , wrote a trial called `` Nothing in biology makes sense safe to Evolution . ''
But if they actually take biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
Does others be refers to others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it is , of course , the most interest .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
At the stage there have been maybe 20 , 20 different species of hominids .
Some have gone back and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like the human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria intestine that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio asks you about <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that can want no effort in their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional deposit of any rush to the output .
But , by others , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what about the future to us ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , perhaps more adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is just like a brief hand ; the animal kingdom , as a single and only <unk> -- and the human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I just graduated from college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two new daughters of that cell .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
He goes into the sex reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of our body 's death enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , every time I had more doubt .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , which was still in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night someone hits their hotel door .
He opens the door .
And in front of him , you find a great slight dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and says , `` I came for a `` sex soup . ''
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about going through the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets that was designed to send the genetic charge to the next level , and then let us fall to the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen did when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily help longevity .
They do n't necessarily favors the bigger or the strongest or the faster or the more intelligent .
Evolution favors the more adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish infected fish , but they 've been able to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to think about what 's going on in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to go ahead , to the next phase -- ? I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set out our environment so that we adapt to ourselves as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated in , <unk> , and we 're going to give us so much that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation that we need to happen to happen .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of the traditional , natural , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that evolution of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a species , distant planets are going to have the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , that it 's not just natural -- but graffiti and selected for us as individuals in the choices that we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
So first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you pick up the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could possibly be able to choose not only sex in their offspring , but in their own body makes genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
And if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer , or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If you look at the future , that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued 13 .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three , four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost at a $ 20,000 cost in a week .
Not to be a lot of missing for the human genome for $ 1,000 , and it will be increasingly at the fingertips .
There are those changes .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing influenza in the cells of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's actually today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine just another two small changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if they could change cells in their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> <unk> , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want any more healthy children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease , is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could be able to <unk> with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why not have a faster <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in the condition of Tweet this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices to try a better , more successful , more walkable society ?
Or , are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust or more robust and more robust ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest of all : are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . He was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at it , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
Let 's run the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended up .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people who wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to fix , all the experiences I wanted to have , and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I got a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person 's there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to leave anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as long as the George Washington bridge , which was not for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve all I did .
But in my humanity , I also give up to my ego .
And I 'm sorry for the time I waste in things that he did n't care about people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with my friends .
And after that , I decided to remove the negative energy from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental watch goes on , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces like you see in those documentaries .
And as I went on , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been looking at it for all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- ...
And for me , that was all the reason for being the world .
At that point , I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For especially , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not dying that day .
And I was made another gift to me , which was the possibility of looking forward and back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge that you 're flying today , the challenge you 're going through on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What they would do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in a lot of amazing projects .
But the biggest thing that I worked on was this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel tingling . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and I met her brother and father and I said , `` Let 's give them this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , it 's not that we 've seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're really important , and you have a good insurance you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do you communicate ? ''
Anybody to see the film `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're marking with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I introduced myself to the only wish to get a check , and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I engaged with his brother and his father in that precise moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who has so much on their interior will not communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on that and register the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
First of all , they start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , then with Bush to Bush , and at the end , people start making art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of the organization to move things out of one side to another , we had just achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call him <unk> , because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was actually bringing seven programmers around the world , all over the corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife and I , and I moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> and <unk> and <unk> over the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they were trying to have taken the pictures from the walls , and they would have graffiti graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the flock in Venice , my son was part of my dog , and we created this .
It 's called `` <unk> , '' and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the shipping flock in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we set up the depth of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- you build yourself ; we published the code <unk> the software down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you so much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's her room .
And there was all this <unk> , and it took place during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , all night sessions , Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital outside the hospital .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to take in the parking lot like this , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what I was saying , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been underwater and somebody finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our scream at war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a program program .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up from close to the <unk> is that in April of this year in the middle of Los Angeles in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art at <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> in urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothingness was possible at some point .
Do it -- whatever of this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I was reminded with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I am not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine , dangerous .
Film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been looking at it in horrible appearance , with the only goal of dealing with social issues of ways that comes out of attractive , interesting ways , and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I 'd come up here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands , and I wanted to do something a little different .
So , some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks I got a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some of the Twitter on Twitter , I offered it to sell the rights on the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I was following was the following : `` <unk> Your <unk> shows : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and according to content might fit in the face , especially if I put it on ridiculous to you or your company .
But saying this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at TEDTalks ?
Thank you .
It 's a title in progress , by the way .
So even with that point , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have to tell you for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we examined the world of marketing , in advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could get me , nothing could fit , for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan : Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tries to <unk> products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film financed with <unk> products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The largest film ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest life ever sold , '' is that everything up at the bottom , in order to end , has brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that comes before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> argued , <unk> Center .
These people were reminded by the film in perpetual -- forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) This is what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) In perpetual , forever ?
I 'm a penny redundant . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . ) It was more by emphasis .
It was `` Walking . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the <unk> in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 'll make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the bigger shoe that you used to ...
The biggest car you 've led to `` The tallest <unk> ever sold , '' the best drink you 'd ever ever had to drink , `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as part of your life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : To make <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is the complete transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , at the end .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most of respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive is going to be people to that .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' -- I do n't know , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C. : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard for them , but certainly it 's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of random idiots .
MS : What do you think that 's going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell , by the film or so ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yeah .
MK : We have some places where they go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought `` off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside of the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
No wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was amazed .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media , and the stage of the separate media , is n't the idea of having that new vehicle as much attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error , and that error was this .
No , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you search <unk> images at Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- <unk> simulation , or deception -- it 's easily detected -- that is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- that 's the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named our politicians , the president , the claims , even the CEOs of name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it reality , something changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency is fear -- like that a weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> of history .
We want you to tell a story , but say <unk> history . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- -- and there he is , looking at me just like , `` Son , there are three sides in every single story .
It 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> in many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take a proxy and go to companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to see from a sudden -- -- which I started to give up to me is that when you start talking to the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who do big , huge , giant movies , and others who make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make a big Hollywood film , giant Hollywood , say that the reason their movies have so much success is due to the markings associated with them .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
So how are we going to see specifically to Ban Ban ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see your deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And I 'm going to offer you one of these wonderful piles .
Both <unk> , like `` Paradise of paradise '' will have their opportunity .
We 're going to have both a man like a woman , solid , to <unk> , in the bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at them .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of little movies that you 've done , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that you have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people Ban is the reason why this is .
MS : What words would you use to describe Ban ?
Ban 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : The top technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something audacious , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in the positive versus `` combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How we keep you cool ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : reviving the '80s , <unk> punk unless it is a laundry facility .
MS : Okay , what is the brand <unk> ?
<unk> : Something only . ( MS : All ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
They usually take accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> . ' ''
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman # 2 : In part hippie , partly <unk> , in part <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because I build the goods .
Man 5 : People <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we 're not all able to be a brand of Tom , but I often get stuck at the intersection of dark <unk> , and I 'm often shocked .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and they start in a place , and in my case , they begin and start in my family , in West Virginia .
So what 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day in my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your form of being ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- for what 's it for us ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of <unk> is you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What 's the red thing ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was really crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality -- Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They got very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only stuck in one of their strengths , or in the other rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- -- and it 's <unk> nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually going to sink and make it become something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here at Target , also here to Target , Mini of Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful markings and conscious brands , those things that have gone and forth , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> mark . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to take your brand identity , your brand personality , what would you be ?
Are you a upward attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a downward attribute ?
<unk> , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are kind of playful , cool like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , bold or fearless , adventurous , bold or agile , profane , the dominant , the magic or mystical , the <unk> .
Or are you more of hamburger attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protective , you say , Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , trustworthy , contemplative , thumb or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 businesses , bottom-up and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film about how it 's now using MRI to identify the desire centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing as to film .
We went to San Paulo , where they have banned from advertising .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no <unk> , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting along in schools with liquidity issues in America .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer or the ones that I 've been more successful is those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what they did .
<unk> to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try straight with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to be thinking about people , who are going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how do you go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the film was released at Sundance , let 's look at it .
According to the movie , it was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not slowing down .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even introduced in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost every single agencies that we 're talking about to <unk> their clients .
I 've always believed that if you risk risks , if you risk risks , that you have opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , it 's pushing people out to failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing their company to be able to be <unk> .
I feel like what 's going to happen to happen is we need to encourage people to take the chances .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities they can do .
Ultimately , going forward , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
It 's the fear . Let 's take the risk .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we need to house transparency .
More than a bit of honesty is going to go through a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> Transparency '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who had been brought for the rights of the name on <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies all over the world .
<unk> shows `` <unk> Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on behalf of the transparency , who happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
So in my pocket , I have a check for the TED array organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ Child to be applied to my assistance for the TED 's TED organization .
The idea behind the online worm pinnacle is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant of <unk> in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we put an effective virus into Windows in a used computer for an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with an Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese : I wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It made no sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a stroke .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is looking in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if you find a specific program , and even if the program is trying to infect it is actually working on that place .
No , Stuxnet do n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better to get the goal soon .
And so we pulled out the seizure code , and we found out that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed armed armed armed armed armed people who obviously had all the internal information .
I 'll get all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that you 've heard about Stuxnet -- is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the load is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
You see here a sample of this code .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old quality language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and try to engage with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about charging that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent freak , it has to be a valuable white guy , and it 's probably found in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
They do n't find many thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> , and to the <unk> plant plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I looked at an effort by <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part of the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , it can certainly be <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
So we tried to figure out the big digital <unk> , looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called steps .
And guess what we found in the attack of attack ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in the hands .
For that no misunderstanding , it was n't like that .
The results have been out after several weeks of hard work .
And so we usually have to go back and we had to go back .
Yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were pointed at one single and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and spinning the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicate with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We do n't have to worry about other goals for Stuxnet .
I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the top here is <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the value values for example , of pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , this kind of fake input data is <unk> for Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber feeds on <unk> video .
So that 's cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just to do the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't get fast .
For example , in an energy plant , when the great steam turbine , you have to open up <unk> tubes in a millisecond .
Obviously , this can not make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can get bad stuff .
The plant can exploit .
And you 're not <unk> and the security system you 'll notice it .
That scares us .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could also work , for example , on an energy plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , as we disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could use worms technology to <unk> them .
We 'll make more possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and the better we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main thing behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My opinion is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one single , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you <unk> skills , or the other thing you can do is make your wheelchairs raise and come back .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different than something you put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and helps you , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take over his back , a <unk> load of 45 pounds , and it 's getting even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injury on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or called <unk> Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Organization .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry about 90 pounds per variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to take a lot of fun crawling and making a huge agility movement .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of the wheelchairs , which I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in the wheelchairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens frequently , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord , to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that you get older than you multiply very rapidly .
Its only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , since its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result of it was unable to walk for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also a few batteries that give the motors in the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I was about 24 years at the top of my life when , by a stranger leap in the air , skiing down downhill was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sensation and all the pelvis of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk you up . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole the last bit of hope from my self .
<unk> technology ever since , has allowed me to learn how to go down in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the lawn chairs of wheels , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the jungles of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos are showing us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been sustained for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger to the survival of the Bonobo .
The trade of whaling , and the deforestation will make you not fill in , or the stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure it 's not quite sure .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden , hidden trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , no war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , for us , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With it we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , the Bonobo sees the same evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game play , and I 'm not talking soccer .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the sentence : `` It has <unk> . ''
I just believe that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual game is both in Bonobos as humans .
And this video is really interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- perhaps the place where you 're going to get the wonder .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a <unk> water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact with , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with more creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to success with success to a world that changes us need to play .
But will we get to the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the proper playing , you can be the moments in which it 's the most urgent .
So that 's why , fellow primates , embrace this gift of evolution and play together as <unk> creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a for-profit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of captain in a <unk> body .
And in our city , where the volunteers , where volunteers are in highly skilled staff , you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so he had a pretty high chance of going .
But still , there was a race to the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , and she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in your pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go in and would save the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need it in between the house .
I need to go up , put the fire , and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I was hoping , but I went up the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> firemen , which at the way more or less had ended up off the fire , and came into the main room looking for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog at the front door .
We bring out of the house that 's the treasures out of the house where , as I was waiting , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from his house owner by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was that someone had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also in a monumental scale and courage .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room , people who have achieved , or they 're by achieving , very remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it right now .
You 'd give food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They 're going to be mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , come back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks of concrete was built in conjunction with a very simple idea : cement modules from a fixed measure that they fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the same time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 , they came up with this thing .
He was called out the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the brick bricks came into all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
He made it accessible .
And quite simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
In the meantime , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new block of construction .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a static brick world -- piled upon each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger circuits , and more complex , a brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together by magnets .
So you ca n't get it wrong .
The bricks of colors have a code .
The green is the way out , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange is the wire .
So you just assemble a blue one with a green one , and very quickly can start making bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light module .
<unk> this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make a faster or slower blink , it just takes this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind them is that it 's a growing collection .
So we want all of the interactions in the world to move into bricks ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given to children to see them play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is , how do you start to understand electronics in every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a daylight works , or why the door of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without expertise in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with bottles of paper and felt , we have <unk> .
( metal sound ) A few weeks ago , we took out to the designers at Rhode Island School of Rhode Island , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> activated cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust lobster that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within the grasp of everyone .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go and visit the website , download all the design files and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for involved in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of charge in charge .
We can -- we can keep the video better on a side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , do you tell me the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that hate , and we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America '' and would be like a <unk> Peace Prize .
And we had a few members every year and we put them working with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the city employees .
Its task is to show the chances of the current technology .
So meet Al .
It 's a fire hydrant .
Here 's as if I find a date , but what 's really looking for a date , but what it really looks for is that somebody 's caught up in the snow , because he knows that it 's not very good at throwing fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that time time long last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice app that you can take a hydrant .
You need to clean up when you go .
By doing so , you put a name in this case , in this case , he put him in .
If you do n't , somebody can tell you .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest app that 's the past year .
But it does something that no other technology in the government does .
And it spreads viral .
A responsible for the City system of Honolulu to see this application realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to pay for <unk> .
It 's very important to work these <unk> of tsunami , but people steals batteries .
So it calls citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens blindfolded .
And Chicago just just dumped it to get people down to clean sidewalks when they 're going to go on .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , organically and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know that this does n't happen normally .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that the normal canals would have taken at least two and it cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that 's going to cost for 2,000 billion dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
And so an app that shows you in a couple of days and it 's spreads viral is a kind of warning shot by the institution of the government .
It suggests the best way of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
It 's also not like a technological company , but rather like the Internet .
That is , without constraints , in the open , generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an existing institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have no longer up to the government .
They have a great frustration for that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost in sight .
And that is that if we stop the feelings of politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they put together , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately resulted from us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that we can produce change .
I did n't know much about government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is above all , a matter of <unk> .
This is the telephone care center of services and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you 're making an inch in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the base of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of the house , put it good music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So , Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston has no calls center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
Do n't make that app .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New York State Urbana .
One day , this really happened , it comes up this request : `` Let 's look at my garbage cube . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about people .
In <unk> . ' everything is public , so everyone can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report was , `` I came up to the place , I found the garbage bucket behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I would turn the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of how digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of government income to distributed volunteer collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean by the technological technology definition .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So , one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role .
I connected two people together .
And it could have connected with the government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps another , let 's find the communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry into the government system is the vote .
How many times have chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend much energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean , and the politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what keeps that belongs to us , that we financed as something that we 've funded against , that other thing , and we 're losing the power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the real government is happening .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizen citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the request of the <unk> , about the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've been trained in with the government , it 's time for us to ask what the world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we have to go where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do government without a government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government , the function of the way that can be expanded strengthening the civil society .
There 's one generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to act on <unk> , just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so let me wince , a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; everybody 's going to talk .
They can express your opinions on whatever channel and they do it .
And so when you face the government problem , they do n't care so much to hear your voices .
They 're using your hands .
They set up the work to program applications that make better work to the government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaned up a fire hydrant , take off weeds , dumping a garbage bucket that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only a consumers , we 're not only a government consumers that we 're paying taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't get citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all of us together will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me an honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's plenty of despair .
And to be here at TED , you see and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I say this because I think identity is important to be important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I actually did n't learn this in the law of the right , my work .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional American house , dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in a family discussion .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery to settle as well as I saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little bit , and I looked at it , she was approaching me and I gave a good hug .
I was so hard that he could barely breathe and then dropped me away .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at it , and he was approaching me , and I would say , `` Let me still feel my hug ? ''
And if he told him no , I hold myself again , and if I was saying yes , I would leave myself in peace .
I had this human quality that would make you wish to be close to it .
The only problem is he had 10 children .
My mother was the least of the 10 .
Sometimes when I was going to spend a while with it , it was n't easy to capture their time and their attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
And he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , went through the hand , and he said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
He took me outside and said , `` Let 's tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to argue that you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to get three things to me , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to ask is that we want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing , even though the right thing is , it 's hard . ''
And I thought , `` Yeah , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
And then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to ask me is that never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the rural South , I have a brother older and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he took it , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just got the crazy follies of crazy .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on for us today . And you always do the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What 's wrong ? Take a beer . ''
And I went through the strength and she went on , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
And he said , `` Mama tells everyone who are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit to you .
I 'll tell you something that you probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm about 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
Now I 'm not saying this thinking that 's a virtue ; I say it for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get them to do things that you do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we needed to engage .
Now , I 'll try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different from what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of each three black black and 30 years is in prison or the parole .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all color young are in prison or the parole .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth that hits the results .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not our problems .
We 're disconnected .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work at work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 'll tell you about rights forever if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the loss of rights to be as high as it was before they passed the law law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentencing to children from 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , no possibility of leaving .
We 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people on death row .
This issue of death penalty matter is interesting .
Now , in some sense , you 've got us to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes , but , if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Out of nine people executed , he has identified that it is innocent and liberated from the death row .
An amazing rate , amazing , an innocent in every nine .
This is interesting .
Instead , it would not be allowed to fly airplanes , if in every nine to nine , you would be from crashing .
But somehow we cut away from the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our payload .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and lasted for the Second World War .
Really , we do n't know much about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a time defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The terror threat was that defined his lives .
Now there are older people who are coming to me and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're talking about talks , <unk> by people who stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial abused and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We all create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could not overcome racial segregated without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany to talk about death penalty conferences .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation , and he said , `` You know it 's good enough to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We certainly can never have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way our history , we can never get to the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational to us , intentional and deliberately put us to run people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , <unk> people , especially if they were mostly Jewish ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you actually do n't care about these things that are so difficult , positive and wonderful things they are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It will give you creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never get to TED .
And if you think about them , in a way , something that 's inside of us .
We have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
And development comes in , not only of brain ideas .
These things come from enrichment ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection to the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and hard .
Energy leader , the great Czech leader , talking about it .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance to the spirit , a willingness to be in sites of despair and witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is almost at the heart of what I think , even in communities as TED , has to engage .
There is no disconnection related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human , if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
And we go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would just get together just to talk .
Occasionally , <unk> lady was calling me , to tell me , `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to bring us to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I 'd say , `` Yes ma'am . I want to . ''
So she was like , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going , and I just listened to it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , let me tell you that this idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give it my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help the people who have been convicted of them .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We 're trying to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave her all my best speech , and he looked at me , and he said , `` Oh , hmm , um . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned in , put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find a way to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion by others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been brought in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
So it 's not .
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very inspiring , we 're not being judged by our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual or rational ability .
At the end of the moment , the character of a society is being treated by the way the rich , powerful and privileged , but as they treat poor people , people , prisoners , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my wife in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge to convert somebody into what is not ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
One night , I was very late at God , thinking about God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , should have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think about it properly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old client , a small , poor , black man .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` Let me get my black customer that my 14-year-old black customer was treated like a very white privilege of 75 years , executive in a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had had an African conduct in accusation , in the behavior of the police and the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethic , but all of a lack of ethics .
So the next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , I had not only had it , but he had sent it to the court .
Two months passed , I 've already forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- oh God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and drudgery .
I finally got off the car , and I walked on court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a bigger black man ; it was court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you . lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached me and hugged me .
And I whispered in my ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the boardroom .
As I walked in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this audacity to <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes Mr. I went . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy stuff .
They got the cops ' policemen , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , they 're all infuriated because we 're talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye I got to see when he was going and came .
I would look out the window , and let 's hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost at the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break a <unk> assistant was upset , because superintendent had come in in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the boardroom ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this audiences ' room to tell this young woman to keep his view in the target target . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
That we can not be truly human humans if we do not care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to one of the other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity has to bind to brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of the people who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the target target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious wish of the audience , this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to make the funds that are spent on punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide not in homicide .
56 percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a opportunity for change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law focus , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's for the wrong war on Drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of the punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people in life for stealing a bicycle , for little crimes against property , rather than making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help victims of them and not less .
I think that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited about here today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for me to come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> ruthless <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Number six : social <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> . <unk> .
Several <unk> : drug for drug . It 's massive . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press means prefer negative news news because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting a lot more data than the brain can actually process .
And like nothing , we will survive , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information , looking for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
And so from a <unk> of stories , we 're looking at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , sell , '' it 's very true .
And since all digital devices give us negative news about the seven days of week , 24 hours a day , no wonder is that I 'm pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong with worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Perhaps , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps enormous progress in the last century is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity , water , we have no doubt .
As human beings , we are very good at dealing with problems , and in the long , we end up with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has been more than doubled , the average per capita income for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that world literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living in an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep putting more high expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today , in America , much of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , phones , conditioning conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> in the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I had in the information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months .
So the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , what 's soft that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's a result of speed computers used to build faster computers .
Nothing stops .
And even though it 's <unk> in one law on the left , it 's going to go up .
The growth rate of technology is more and faster .
And on this curve , at the <unk> of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , the fuels , vaccines and vaccines , vaccines and digital medicine , vineyards and the A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw victory in Watson 's `` Jeopardy '' in Watson ?
It was spade .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than there were .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on your phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about making plenty , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it very abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
This is a story of Napoleon 3 in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with covered in aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal of the planet -- more than the gold and the platinum .
For that reason , the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
He 's tied up by oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came in and did something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's make this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> in every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of the diesel : 60 rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts , electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to 15 cents of national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed at the spacecraft the spacecraft , 1990 , after Saturn , Saturn ?
Let 's take a famous picture . How was it ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for half a percent of the world 's water , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology that is available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , he gave me permission to do this -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'm going to make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence in which this will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the 70 percent penetration of mobile phone penetration in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communication in the midst of Kenya that the president is 25 years ago .
And , from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton was 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that no one could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens of thousands of dollars -- I 'll be HD , HD images , libraries of books and music , <unk> diagnostic technology , <unk> diagnostic technology , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe it 's the best thing to get when it shows in health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation something called the X <unk> Prize <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the world 's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak , and because they have A.I . , you can coughing , you can be extracted from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there is no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that does n't recognize , I 'll call the health and , in the first place , to prevent the pandemic happening happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of plenty .
I call it the billion billion .
The white lines of here are the population .
We just passed the brand out of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , spending from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never before heard that you add to the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
What casually you have ? What wishes you will do ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the largest economic injection in history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health through <unk> , from a better education with Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion members of humanity , healthy , healthy people ?
What about voices never before ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and power for the first time ?
What are you going to do about these three billion ?
And if you are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by his passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things , and things that were previously able to do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end with sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played with this college teachers , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and began to play it .
And it has shown that today of recognition of the human patterns of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take on the great challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the innovative passion of the <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we 've got three billion new minds that are being used to work on the solution of the great challenges and to do what we needed to do .
We have for an extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'm going to give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , sustainability .
They probably believed that afterward , but it did n't .
They actually pick fish up .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught him a long way to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is , we 've come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they keep intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story also illustrates another concept : the displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , I was looking at a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned too much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The water was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from some mangroves .
I 'd been looking at about 20 inches , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fish of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good moment , so he was made more than the average in Ghana .
When I was there , 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
I went down to five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , it started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was imposing to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called The <unk> 4 .
I went out to fishing in it , and we did studies in southern China <unk> and , above all , the JavaScript Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on some of the remains , the remains of a coral reef .
In short , the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then starts commercial fishing .
The bottom line is a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . They did n't eat them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was n't yet <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because she was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected by each time they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
It 's the starting point , at new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're looking at this , something like this .
On the y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things <unk> .
Every generation will use the pictures I received by the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
So you can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And eventually you keep a miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to some generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose common animals .
Even if this is not being perceived as a loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in a sea synonymous with great fish .
They become rare because we take them off .
With time there 's a few fish there , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , would argue that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a way before is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you are showing , as captain such and such a lot of fish in this area can not be used or usually do n't use the scientists in fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
There 's a huge piece of paper that can make a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually visualize the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive of , because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine zone and can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it , because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think that the arts and cinema may be able to fill in a vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think in `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were moved with the film -- -- I 'll talk about the history of telling you what to do with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional fashion .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why videos are made viral and what important things have .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And of those , only a small percentage has been viral , he gets countless views , and it makes a lot of culture .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God .
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video <unk> outside of his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows you the measurable rise of last summer .
They did n't bother to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you 're called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos from nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy Chan .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of trends as Jimmy <unk> are presented to us with new and interesting things and <unk> them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants you to get a weekend on a weekend , and I 'll just take a weekend on a weekend , KA : You would n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
Black Rebecca '' is one of the most popular videos in the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency frequency .
Just like `` rainbow rainbow '' -- this video seemed to be popped out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was a Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also a Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday thing ?
Well , I took <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , by <unk> Science , was one of the first people in making a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big joke internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things .
And there are now 10,000 <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other of the other days .
Unlike the roof of the 20th century , this communal involvement is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a graphic animation with a chord music .
That 's it .
This year they saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has been seen four million times .
Up until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats look at the video .
But the important thing here is creativity I woke up among the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` s rainbow '' or Rebecca Rebecca or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could have been written by doing this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute , just the only thing and unexpected can <unk> the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protest against tickets to riders in New York , I 'll admit I was not really interested in it .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket by not circular at the <unk> , but there are often obstacles that can prevent you properly by <unk> .
KA : Thanks the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> achieved that five million watched and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do in creative form .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The creators , the creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected communities of participation , is the characteristics of a new type of media , in a new culture , that we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
Do n't borrow permission to express their ideas .
Now we are all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , but are barely the current means , but let 's do the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not an finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still put together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life was supported by the only unit and freedom of his country .
Imagine that as the communists come in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time , friends , were making fun now .
They 're going into silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is on a boat to the dawn of sunrise quietly quietly at the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when her father died , and a marriage <unk> and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined to one task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for it that I could n't make it .
And then from a four-year-old <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea ship ice .
Every adults know the risks .
The greatest fear was pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a little bit poison with poison .
If we catch up , first we 'd take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow diving in each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came a number of times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil rig in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , end the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of starting class whose population is made of immigrants .
Unlike the middle-class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> contents are traded in between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a assembly line of cars , working six days , <unk> shift .
Still , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and it was established in English and mathematics mentoring in English and mathematics , it would n't matter what it should be taken away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me will be stuck .
And I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to give it to you . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we heard our grandma 's movements in the house .
My mother suffers from nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to wake up until his nightmares are starting to be able to accommodate it .
She opened a computer shop , and he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were stuck in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And the centers were created .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic Asian student , relentless , relentless , relentless , relentless Asian student .
In the other hand , I was very flexibly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that job , when I was a studied my last year of law , I was elected by the Australian young Australian girl in the year .
And I went from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
She 's so Le <unk> , I was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk to sites that had never heard heard , and in homes , whose existence had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to routines and happy life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we got on the boat .
The `` no '' had ever been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` Do n't be what you do n't . ''
So I talked about <unk> and education and <unk> to the outcasts and the elephants .
And the more frankly he talked about , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a race race .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a little boy in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that we will be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because it 's inside it can easily mean by the horizons , it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my happy place to know that , yes , the world is breaking , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had n't been <unk> , so they were tremendously tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
Let 's give them a small group of people to the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I was making a giant soup pot that we all shared .
Let 's go back to the late night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some bright , and we open up .
I took the decision to move moving to the U.S .
After a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother was beating her .
Without her husband 's support , he caused an e-mail by the <unk> and he had the cause , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
You ca n't figure it out to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw him stop on the other side .
I knew I had come back .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell you stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You do n't have it . ''
If there 's a nerve nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated .
The defeat would have easily missed it .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who might wish that to do that ?
However , I 'm afraid of the easy privilege of the right .
I can give you a bow in your life , and it gets brave in each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother is today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the ancient epic epic `` the Mahabharata '' `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , and they would get to heaven .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , he was thirsty , he pulled a bow and with a <unk> on the floor , she was able to water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery was replaced with magic .
And that <unk> me a lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a dusk if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It felt like the technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras can prevent we <unk> .
We were inspired by our inspiration .
That 's why I launched , I threw out this technology world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
I was reading books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device that was able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
They collect the text with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that do ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application application for iPad .
He says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I 'm going to get a character of the book .
In a number of moments , I got a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner child gets excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that magic magic , those ideas that we might find of children .
For some reason , fireflies are in a jar always turned out to me .
So , over here , we need to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light up your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a <unk> galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single book is transformed into a <unk> that I drag towards this magical thing , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book there 's always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you into the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also unfolds .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary and the contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old book and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
It 's a story that 's about current issues as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been imprisoned , glued to their PCs , have n't left the world outside .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : of sticks , stones , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , <unk> a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
And in another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Inside the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology is many possibilities .
In the next book , we would have to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad , and the video on and through , and by reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants in the house .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and it 's going to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where nature 's forces <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
It 's <unk> the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop hearing patients .
And one of the things we did at the University <unk> was <unk> by a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems for whatever , or maybe not everyone , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , we stop listening .
This is my scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob on and off .
Every morning I come up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got to 95 kilograms of getting at 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to , it sends my data to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs assistance or some urgency of that style , but to see her backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my scale , and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's taken from the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , you can <unk> to move people in their chairs , and together , you can develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From next week being available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can , from their homes , take their blood pressure , take their blood pressure , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , come back to restore control and being captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing costs of care customization , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also involved .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share it with you with a video .
We all have navigation controls in the cars .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives right now .
So what we did was we got crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , you know where it 's open , and when you 're open , sometimes you open up in the office and others are closed . ''
And over 10,000 <unk> already in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented reality application , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks use their phone phone to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to go globally .
We 're going to give all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , working and act like a center for the culture of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And I 'd like to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these scripts .
You could be a messaging services or a message people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us help us in this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photograph . ' photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed with my first passion by drawing , but it was a little bit different because I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushed .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
And so I wanted to create something different , a process that I began to push the trigger .
Just like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal to keep the level of realism .
And when I say realism I 'm saying goodbye .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do with you , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
What you 'll have to think about a moment to figure out the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them look real ?
Is it the details or the colors ?
Do you get light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here 's three perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks like three-dimensional ; as if it was there .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process as I combine the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a picture , I think it 's the ones that we do n't even think of , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you combine the pictures , it 's very important to consider , because otherwise something will be about .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will be able to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos has to have the same perspective .
Secondly , the pictures combine to have the same kind of light .
And these two images do with these requirements , they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
So you might think that this is a picture of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In the personal , I think it 's easier to create a place that is easy to find a place that you do n't need to put in danger of the ideas that has in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew that I had several months to do it , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a journey of fishing .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made a red house at the top of the island so it looks more sophisticated .
So to achieve a realistic outcome , I think it takes planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you can combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very well meant for .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , it can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing one slide on technology , very boring .
Please .
It 's a diagram anybody I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
So what 's interesting about this is that this , as many others that we tend to see , is sort of a straight line on the side scale .
In other words , every step here is an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves , is new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing on paper .
Why do we chart curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if we draw them on a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , it gives you a qualitative change .
If the transport technology was just as fast as the microprocessors , we could last tomorrow take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But we do n't go through that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years will advance the order of magnitude .
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's take one of two things .
Or it 's good to become a typical curve -- it 's until something completely different comes up , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we 're now going to be in the middle of a transition .
So this line is in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask about , and wonder , is , what is that new way that they adopt the world ?
How new state is the world ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a child in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something that 's happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all about to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk about how it might be , how it could be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , we go back about half a half billion years when the Earth was a great rock rock with many chemicals that are going to be around them .
If you look at the way these chemicals are organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , there was a bunch of oil droplets with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those oil droplet held a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate out materials from the outside , and the blobs grew together .
And they started divide .
In a sense , those were the most primitive , most primitive forms of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they have split , you know , an unequal distribution of chemicals in it .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around them ; they were growing more , <unk> more chemicals and divided .
Usually they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , living chemistry , very simple , but things become interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't really understand these partnerships to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe from the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since evolved a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here 's a hundred white dust pool that I 'm trying to hide at the security people of the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data into this little piece of DNA , and I 'll give you 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have many for everyone here ; in fact , for every single person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread spread through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happily be happy .
But then another big step happened in which things get very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicating information forming the other cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , the antibiotic resistance evolved .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and there are now many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to the communities that , in a way , were together on that , and set a synergy .
In that way , they survive or failed together , whatever if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they would say more , and they were engaging by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came so close to , in fact , they came together , and they decided to write the whole recipe from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next kind of interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and had more interesting levels that the cellphone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
They began to <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than processing information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the <unk> structures to register and understand and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not in the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit , because I knew it was sick , and they got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had previously built these information processing structures that you would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
That 's why the fact that the nervous system building those structures of information has led to enormously the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to happen now , confined to an individual .
It could happen in necessary time to learn .
But then of course , the individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in my head .
I 'm sitting here sitting on a few <unk> and , hopefully , building a similar , vague , confused idea in your heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowed to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to depend on abstractions .
Now we go through periods of similar periods of similar organisms , and we 're adding our data methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the tape , and so on , it 's the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now , evolution can happen on microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And we 've now accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
Next , language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next , like the electronics , seems to be just a few decades .
The process is fed back ; I suppose you 're going to be the right word to name something that <unk> its own pace of change .
The more changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process feeds back .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that I work for <unk> would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects about such complexity that would be impossible for me in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor is in that machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with designers 's designers , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and put it in the machine , something that you could n't get , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes use methods that we do n't even understand .
So a particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the microseconds scale .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
And we say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these random instruction sequences , to run all those programs , and take the ones that are going to be empowered to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order a number of numbers , to put a simple example .
So we find the programs that come along to order the numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences better than the task ?
Let 's put those together , and we 'll go to the rest of them .
And now I 'm assuming the ones that best ordered numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> a process of analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which would provide children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children are <unk> the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of software in the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , please do the process . ''
Let 's get back again .
We 've got some mutations .
And it tries again and try another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that orders such an absolutely perfect way .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , weird programs .
But they made it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the target , because they come from a hundred thousand programs that they did .
In fact , their lives are dependent upon it .
Once I was on a 747 , I 'd paraphrase it , and he takes a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer insurance . ' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , and so they can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds back .
The thing is getting faster , and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are amoebas and we ca n't understand what the heck we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant at our part of the evolution of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever the way comes .
But now comes lunch and I think that I 'll stop here before I 'm stuck .
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've been spending enough time for me to be able to give up some of my false prestige .
Before I 'm dealing with the topic of my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
<unk> is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be `` <unk> rules '' -- talking about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know .
It 's called the average of <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , from a <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of game without being stuck , and that anyone who tries to throw it out to the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
3 <unk> <unk> .
You know how they call a <unk> in the Great League ?
Well , really good , maybe the stars in the stars .
You know how they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , they get four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the Golden League of <unk> <unk> <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to give this to my own world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives to a surgeon that has also a <unk> record .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place away and a wanted to have two clogged coronary arteries , and his family doctor goes to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting better improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that you have to be the average of the hits of a cardiac surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the entire drug knows the hits for a good surgeon , of a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , however , is sending them into the world , and I do , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was in medical school .
I was a groundbreaking obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school , he said that Brian links to a blood test .
Which .
I 'd put in my little <unk> , in the residence of nurses in General Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , <unk> in every artery that comes out of your aorta , the common differential diagnosis and not normal .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very well ; I graduated with whom .
And <unk> from medical school with the impression that if you go through everything , then you would know everything , or as possible , close to the whole , because I 'm going to tell you about mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought to the lady at the emergency service where I worked .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology in that moment .
And when you try to go to a cardiologist , I had to attend that patient .
I 'll report to the head of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was breathing .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a cardiac heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these were filled with blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I got to work in the treatment I would give it .
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that you could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake ; he sent it to his house .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't get the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , that I was calling my boss and <unk> with him so he saw her .
And if my boss would have seen it , I 'd be able to give birth information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident in a constant attention .
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By the send , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , he was so insecure until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` <unk> , I think that 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
And so he signed the high , and the ambulance with the <unk> and the ambulance .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was my car to go home . At that time , I did something that I do n't normally .
I went through the emergency service of the emergency home .
And there 's another nurse , not the one I was taking care of the <unk> lady before , but another one , he told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear it also , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patients going on .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Is it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse <unk> .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I came back and on the edge of death .
In an hour of time , I 'd come to her home , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 , the <unk> and the <unk> <unk> emergencies with a <unk> blood pressure from <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I just would just breathe and was blue .
The emergency personnel would go all their resources .
They gave her medication to go up your blood pressure .
And they had a ventilator .
I was in a <unk> and <unk> .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was hoping against all the hope she would recover .
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I never got to .
I had an irreversible damage .
The family got together together .
And in eight or nine days , it will be transferred to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , let me go . The Mrs. Lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of the dying .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I was amazed by that , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy unhealthy sense of shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't deal with your colleagues .
You make peace and it never makes that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'll put things together and made sure that I did n't get distracted .
And I kept going through these questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made a stupid mistake ?
Why chose medicine ?
Gradually , that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And in a cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if you were to put the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , I will leave those voices .
And so it was .
I came back to work .
But it turned back .
Two years later , I was an emergency department in the community department in community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy .
And he would point here .
I watched her throat , he was a little bit <unk> .
You 'd give him penicillin , and he sent it to his house .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to doing my point of guard , my chief asked to talk to me that he would walk in his office .
And I made the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on her throat ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from the throat , but it 's the top air , and it can be able to push the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
He managed antibiotics by <unk> , and she recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then she sat back to work , until it happened and again , and again .
Two times in the same emergency turn , no options .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they would be taken to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived to be some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
He order the liquid command and I asked my colleague I 'd take it .
He checked it out and when you saw some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
They were both operated and recovered .
But every case , I 'm going to skip , <unk> .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been for the last five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get myself to talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think of me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party , you will hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talk about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues as well , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , and believe me that he would have a hard time to look at her eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones who do n't sleep , and the ones that do n't sleep , and those who have a lot of results , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that begin to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll get a secure system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a scientific study scientific research and medical errors , to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote to the Toronto `` White <unk> , Art Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the errors happen every single day , where one in every 10 drugs will happen every day in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where <unk> infections are increasingly more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 15,000 Canadian Canadian world are killed by mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute set out 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not ignoring the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is going up every two or three years , and we do n't get distracted .
It 's going deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to do a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , take the same patient with a chest pain , comes <unk> with eyes and breath with breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms forever .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional people who have error , well , no one left .
What about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` White <unk> , '' -- it 's a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the <unk> to the head of cardiac surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes
And their students would go down , <unk> , going down the head and sing saliva and start counting their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> to be able to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The political doctor is human , you know human , accepts it , and not proud of his mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
We will tell the mistakes of other people not with intent , but in a loving way and support and support for all of us to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in time .
My name is Brian belongs .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm doing it for learning something that can communicate to others .
I do n't know what about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many choices we take a day ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people , and the average number of choices that say to choose an American American , are about 70 to the day .
Not long ago , in a research they followed for a week to a group of companies .
The researchers recorded different tasks set up by these executives , and the time they 're making decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Now , naturally , every job , every job , it included many <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many they are in the category of nine minutes , and how many of the time ?
How does it accept the way those decisions address ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice at the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if you ask a question , if your answer is positive please give you one .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of the options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I went through this very , very high level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different fruits and vegetables and 25 of a bottled water , and this was when we took water off the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion asked me , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones who were in sealed box that were coming from trees the back of trees .
I once decided to visit the manager and asked her , `` Is this strategy to provide all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
aisle .
They had different kinds of classes .
It 's a post to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First of all , what 's the case people were willing to stop testing the jelly ?
More people stopped when it was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly jar .
Here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who were detained when it was 24 , only three percent came to buy jars .
When there were six , we saw that 30 percent of us bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy anything if they found six , which if they found 24 .
Well , you decide that we do n't buy anything we 're going to want , we probably want it to be a good way to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of options is actually affecting us in good decisions .
We decided to do not decide , even though this is not appropriate .
Now the issue of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we look at decisions about savings for retirement , about a million Americans , in between 650 plans of this country .
We were interested to see if the number of funding is available for available in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 choices .
We found that the greater the number of funding used , there was less participation .
So , if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they have two funding , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as you wanted to .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funding , the rate of participation went down to the 60 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the more people are the number of choices , the more people are empowered to avoid stocks or investment funds .
In the time there were more options , they were more willing to invest in financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would choose to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that you make the decision , that we will do it even when this is against your self-interest .
You 're more likely to make decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , although objectively they objectively better .
The main reason is that we 're going to be able to look at that humongous array of flavor , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choice of that awesome exhibition .
I want to propose to you today , four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've never heard about it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People always get upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at is that if you choose to cut out , get rid of strange redundant choices , there will be a increase in sales , you 'll have the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When you 're <unk> & Gamble happened from 26 different types of Head , <unk> to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the belonging Golden Age eliminated the products that was eliminated for <unk> , that they were increased by 87 percent , by two causes , greater sales and under cost .
You know that supermarkets today , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , you have about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> , and it 's offering <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the <unk> David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees of Harvard are automatically embedded to a insurance fund .
Those who really want to choose , they give them 20 funding , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell you , you ca n't make their customers . ''
This evening , before I start this session , I was talking about Gary .
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people of this audience on a vacation with everything paid to pay to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Applause ends ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I actually have to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second round , but I can <unk> and say that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must be feeling very vividly , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or debit cards , which when they use cash cards ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were having a 401 plan .
So that meeting , that we save exactly as the used was used , we did a little addition .
What we added was we requested the staff to think about the positive things that they would think of in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a rise in the interpretations of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their bills from savings , from four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazines hall .
We saw that in supermarkets , it 's over the northeast corridor , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , <unk> .
( Applause ends ) Okay , there are some .
If you think that the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , <unk> .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This scheme of classification is totally useless .
The categories must tell you something that you choose , not what defines it .
And so often you see this problem with these huge lists of funds .
Youre supposed to be reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated thing ; it 's the purchase of a car .
This is a German German manufacturer that allows us to be full entirely .
You 've got to take 60 decisions , and you have to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that each one is offered .
<unk> , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
The engine , the changes of changes -- four choices .
What I 'm going to do is vary the order that makes decisions .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , just a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you .
If you 're running the default button in every decision , it tells you that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few options , put the default button over and over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although , if you choose the box of changes , I do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways , it makes us a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , to make it real ; we can do it real ; we can handle , we can handle more categories with fewer options ; we can handle complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've introduced you were designed to help handle alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your issues , or for people who serve them .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful by picking .
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had a typewriter by the government .
You had to record an <unk> text piece of text .
And this for the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found a little bit wrong with the wrong message , you could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , how much this is going to do the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow printed dots on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them own one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And no one seems to be a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts of money .
There are really many cases of the online millionaires , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means by illegal trojans to steal money from our bills when we bought online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a computer infected .
The secret U.S. service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is going to do the stop .
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crimes will happen online .
The second set of attackers in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves , they motivate them to protest the protests , they motivate them opinions , they motivate laughter .
Groups like Anonymous has <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a major role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous , that they do to protest and the last group is the national states the governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall fall from a <unk> .
They set up the security of the site , and he led to <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they could have found people taking the death of people to causing the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
Let 's be certified .
What are the certificate ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except , <unk> an authority foreign authority .
And they made <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , protesters publish the U.S. secret police headquarters in April of 2011 , and during the 1970s , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this portfolio called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
And they had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide the tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> , a <unk> used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , you 're pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it 's going further .
It <unk> the connection to the Internet .
It 's even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious answer should be `` Well , it looks like a bad thing , but it actually does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do you worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
Now , if we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right in any right now , that will be forever .
Are we blindly blinded in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions you should be worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows from my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in the most part of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate from the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
Our livestock is attached .
This is one that they killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt too bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and the entire land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up hating the lions .
They were dying who protect our community and the livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's this very few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions would be scared .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because even helping lions to see the pen from far .
I did n't give up . Went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
And I was trying to trick lions so they believed that was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came to the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here , so he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that 's moving .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that you turn on and off and off .
And this is a little bottle lamp of a broken leg .
Let 's go through everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the small <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> lights .
As you can see , the <unk> will go out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions see it when they come from night .
The <unk> lights and <unk> lions so that you think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses in the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and I wondered if I could put the lights out .
I said , yes .
I put them . You can see at the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , seals , and also being used to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
I even brought my friends to my friends , and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a child on the meadows of the savanna , the cows of my father , and he used to see planes flying , and he would tell me that someday I would be inside .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer for aviation and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you .
So you got a scholarship Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electric inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a fence here . CA : An electric fence ?
<unk> : I know it 's already invented electric fences , but I want to do my own .
CA : You know , just once , right ? And you -- you know , I 've been trying before , but I 've stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the foot of the cannon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it on every step you get , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> <unk> . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we would spend all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , are the enemies .
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I had never gone hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And he said , `` When you were doing this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard the people were suffering in my country .
At a long time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't delete my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child <unk> in his arms looking in his face of his mother without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped away to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , more than a million North Koreans died during the famine and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They were also made more and more common than the power power , all around us was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to secretly cross .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I see bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of the famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for the short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life like refugee dies .
But I soon learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was done , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and I 'm arrested for the police station .
Somebody had charged me for being <unk> , so I would tell my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one official said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many people can be arrested by the Chinese and <unk> police .
These women were very lucky .
Even though he had caught it , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured or tortured or executed in public .
I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everybody can be trusted by a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to cap by going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to begin to learn my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are everyone , but inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with my pride .
Even though I 'm going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the income test .
Just when I was starting to talk to my new life , I got an alarming call alarming .
North Korean authorities <unk> some money that sent to my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a separate location outside .
They had to run away from immediately .
So I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way toward freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow for over 3,000 miles across China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went on a number of times .
Once , our bus was stopped and tackled by a official police officer .
He asked them all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse I stood up and I told him that they were people who were accompanying it .
I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after going on the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was liberated in a month .
But the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of differentiate .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison in short of the embassy of South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a guy 's voice , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I told him the situation , and <unk> , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans , and take them out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I said , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he told me .
`` I 'm helping the people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown <unk> a new hope for me and for the people we needed to do more we needed it .
And he showed me the kindness of the international community and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , hands-on language practice , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us keep in contact with family yet , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been so lucky , I 've gotten a lot of aid and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans all over the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South America : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the South Center name to represent something more , so they changed Los Angeles , as if this is <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South L.A . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , the L.A. Center , home to the food places to bring and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to get killed , they get more people than food in the car .
People are dying of diseases in the Los Angeles South Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I 'll emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see wheels of wheels bought and sold as a car that 's used .
I watch dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I 've also got tired of handling about 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planted a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a garden .
It 's 45 feet three meters .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what 's coming up in win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're kind of a paid group in advance compound by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is for free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got me on top of me , and I 'm going to give me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made of court .
And I would say , `` Come on , really ?
An order of the order of planting food in a piece of land that no one matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the written story by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members of Green <unk> , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , were a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's <unk> miles of <unk> terrain .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> billion plants .
Why the heck does n't it look good ?
Let 's give a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of outcome .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , farm your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I became a part of this reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti graffiti , I culture my art .
As an graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use garden , land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness to how my garden became a education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to look at the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one time , that came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 10:30 , and they were in my garden , and I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , you do n't temes as people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh God do n't , I do n't fear you 're going to steal it . ''
To that is in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to take your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put in a garden in a <unk> room in the downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I was given her stories about how this had affected and how they used to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come in , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids , they were growing <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If you raise tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind what they 're going to put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck , and I see color guys that are on this path designed for them , which is not taking them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are going to take care of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington 's next George .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole one block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take container and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because free is not sustainable .
What 's curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> them .
What I 'm talking about is putting people out of the street , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We need to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not an gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , put them on your backhoe , right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , you do n't call me any comfortable chairs and having meetings talking about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) ( <unk> noise ) And you 'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt that comes out .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle and these cars pass , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a quiet road .
The solution to that is to make <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so that all of the rain water will flow up sideways and you will have a road because it 's easy to drive , and no more water will never be .
The noise will also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is to get rid of this road , the stones on the surface are stones .
First of all , a rock , then more and more and more , and then -- well -- well -- well , I wo n't do that . But they can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with it .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can make holes with that .
Oh . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage occurs in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the UV light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it <unk> , they will be <unk> and <unk> from them .
So , if you drive down the road , you 'll come up with them -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can get this material into it , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we can use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces , and we can mix these little bits with <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is they heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> will flow by these <unk> , and the stones will fall back to the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , which I 'm going to take to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the laboratory to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples out there and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So , giving us a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road , and we test them in the lab .
We made the samples now , we put a lot of payload into them , and then we put them back with our free induction machine and we came back to them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using induction energy to actually increase the life of the road , even if you can double the surface of the surface , and they actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether it also worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
It 's actually going to cool first before I can show you how the repair functions .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual about those times , because the news is generally going to be proud of it .
`` The Taliban were ! '' I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were placed in Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck as a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate ourselves .
Every day , we took a different route so that nobody could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that it looks like we 're shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but it was extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school closed away suddenly for a week , because the temporary Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> , and the daughters was a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of Afghanistan is a total <unk> in Afghanistan . <unk> that her daughter , my mother , outside school , and so his father would hold it .
But my mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to be educated .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a better risk to not educate your children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments where I was too frustrated about our life , and I was always afraid and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , daughter 's daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can forcing yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want it to be on ? ''
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had not been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from his home to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who I carry on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I 'm in big sleep , but my family has even more great dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador in <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families , like mine , <unk> for them , despite even in front of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went out of the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When I got to his house , they 're a voice , he warned him that if I kept sending her daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that she 's successful her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like the one of Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school , count hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
And I 'm afraid these changes would not last long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students at my school and their parents that I would argue for them , that animate them , I see a future future and lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and infinite possibilities , and every day girls ' girls remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never come back a revolutionary <unk> revolutionary . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of massive <unk> in both the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the <unk> of Gaddafi .
And we succeeded ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young young men were at the cutting edge , pushing each of the regime , carrying freedom of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the West , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of six months of brutal war and some losses in about 50,000 dead , we were able to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
Yet Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and altering seeds .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've been willing to , next to many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing an inclusive , right transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single excitement , I began organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we started the Women 's Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the women 's intake of women and our right to participate in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish and exclusion policies .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the first elections in 52 years .
However , slowly , the exhilaration of elections and revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day we wake up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and attack on <unk> .
Another day , we wake up with the news of the murder of military officers .
And every day , every day we wake up with the government of militia and their violations of human rights and the lack of human rights of the law .
Our society , made up a revolutionary mindset , became more , and has gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge , became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the <unk> list and the elections .
Now , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose the nation , we chose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security for Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with dominance policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but women 's values and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than needed the election , which only will take the polarization and the division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of women else who needs the numerical , numerical , quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage , calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but also put it in practice instead of revenge instead of revenge , the collaboration instead of competition , the inclusion in place of exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , separated by war , needs desperately to end up with peace .
Because peace has a alchemy , which is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before they do it .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- the peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic -- the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> feminine and motherly , which seeks to be the whole humanity of the men and women , which all tribes and all peoples have <unk> .
And so , as the uterus , the womb is completely covering the embryo , that grows in , the divine array of compassion provides all of existence .
That 's what you 're like , `` My mercy is for all things . ''
That 's what we 're saying , `` My mercy is about my anger . ''
That they all were taught the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody 's doing always : why is she left ?
Why would anyone stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just seen at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green American <unk> Express , and I had a very big secret .
So my secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was going to my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where they fall every year millions of women , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune list for Fortune 500 , among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm almost 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can pass to anyone , all races , all the religions , every income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence goes through women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men and domestic abuse only happens in close relationships , interdependent and in long duration , or by saying , in the families , the last place we would want or we expect to find violence , which is why domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who was going to stick with a man who sticks , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
It was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and more than 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , its warning signals or its patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side at the subway in New York , and he started <unk> me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just finished a university university university and he worked at a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a field guy in the field .
And he had some big apples as apples , and a hair like wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple .
He made it about everything in a pedestal .
We started getting out and loved all of me : that I had been to Harvard , who had been to Harvard , who would put passion for teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , like nobody had ever done it .
And that was why the bachelor 's degree in that little school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go out of New York and leave my dreams ' work , but I thought I had to do trade-offs by your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was coming into a physical , physical , carefully trap psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it .
And here 's where those guns come in .
And as soon as we move to New England , you know , that site 's supposed to be that <unk> had to feel so safe and bought three guns .
I had one in the <unk> of the car .
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived a little bit .
He needed them to be safe .
But those guns were actually a message to me and , even though I had never raised my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was 7 o'clock in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put the girlfriend of my mother 's girlfriend and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And it was very , very hopeful .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It had been a isolated accident , and it would never hurt me .
I spent twice as much in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and lost me , and he gave me so strong in my head that I would spend several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back in our honey moon , and I threw a Big Mac Mac to the face .
<unk> followed for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was amazed when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of the three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are <unk> , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So , going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help <unk> to tackle their demons .
The other question that everybody is doing is : Why is it just not going ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and agonizing question that people do , because we , victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has been able to end the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include constant harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to marry , raise financial resources , and manipulation of the family owned family system to <unk> the victim and their children , who normally are forced by judges to spend time with the man who would respond to their mother .
And yet we keep asking why you just do n't go ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beating up my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if it would be allowed .
So I broke silence .
I told everybody : to the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , <unk> strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you are helped .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the victims of <unk> were deliberately held in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Love love '' -- I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who learned , who learned a lesson who learned a priceless lesson of what happened to them and to include their lives joyful and happy , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence .
I became marrying a little man who 's tender and nice , and we have those three children .
I have that <unk> black and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to have ever got ever more , ever , is a gun that was charged with my head in the hands of someone who says he wants to .
At this point , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , how stupid it was ! '' -- but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they 're being abused or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , their sister , to their best friend 's friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my final request for you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
abuse thrives on silence .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with your kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
Let 's see their vision of survivors as fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
And we would put the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and showing the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call myself Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because it should n't be dressed like that , luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift of clothes on a TED stage ; so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when they come up , they do n't have to go to them now , but I 'll find it out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through the head , because it 's when you go to laughing about me , so you do n't do anything as I was covering my head .
All right .
Why did I have done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
<unk> is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed what I thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me that he would take my back , and he would give the hair out of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or a <unk> -- like the one that I did two days ago for work , there are very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how is it going to be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean nothing . ''
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries we have not just defined beauty , youth and symmetry , and that are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that is my heritage , heritage that I 've known to leverage for making money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers you say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , 2,000 Liu .
First of all , the <unk> to know about models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York , told all of them and each of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models of hired myself , just 27 , that is , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people are always doing is : Does it be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not responsible .
But then , what I really would say to each of these little girls is : Why ? You can be whatever .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> , which would be awesome , because you would be the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I 'm saying , `` Yes , my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the chief of newsroom in American magazine or Dr. H & M 's next Steven <unk> .
To say more you want to be a model like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and a couple of jobs to your backs , no matter what you say , if you said , `` If you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look odd at you . ''
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos will be restored .
And yes , they 're pretty much <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they can make this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do you bring things free ?
I 've got too many <unk> heels and I never use , except the previous couple , but the privileges I get are the ones I get in the real life , and the ones that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and I got the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I traveled with my friend who was a bad driver ; he jumped on a red light , and , of course , you stood up , and it took a sorry , I 'm sorry , agent , to be able to drive .
I love these privileges for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and the last year , from the teenagers who were laid down and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , is not a question of <unk> ?
How many times are you going to get me ? And when ?
When I was looking at this talk , I found out that to 53 percent of 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is : How is it a life of a model ?
And I think the answer that they hope is : If you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brighter hair , you 'll be very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe looks like that .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative , clever and passionate people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day .
And if you ever ask yourself : With some thinner legs , the hair is brighter , will be happier ?
They just have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and clothes more into fashion , but they probably are the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to keep this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of image in the perception of the success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion for holding a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures of more precious , and I did n't go and I did n't go .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum of the lighting .
In fact , most of them collected random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a speech , my wife dragged me this picture , holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When I was approaching my daughter 's third birthday birthday , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take up to New York on a <unk> trip and you follow the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that were happening to us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever been stuck with the camera .
And so , we were n't aware of how much our life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey .
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter has new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with the entire year .
And recently , in one of the journeys , we were walking , when suddenly he was stopped , he pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse that loved little of a little on previous visits .
And he described to me what had felt like five years old in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart with a force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York City is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I 'm not out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always pulling out the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture , and you do n't want to get closer to somebody and ask them , `` Does it take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are found in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs as a <unk> , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and applause , these are the attributes that I associate with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . They do n't help prevent the spread of diseases .
They 're unclear . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite one , the vultures have a better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There are the rabbits of the New World , which are mostly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World 's rabbits , where we have 16 species , and from these 16 , 11 they face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are vultures important ? First of all , they provide <unk> services , <unk> .
They 're ours for our natural trash .
<unk> the dead all the way to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria , and they help absorb anthrax than they would be extended and causing huge losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no vultures , the carcasses take three to four times in broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of diseases .
Investors also have enormous significance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of protective and motherhood and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop .
In the Indian <unk> , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they become very important burials to open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead or wood to <unk> , so these vultures provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of vultures in Kenya , which six is endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , and they <unk> this venom against predators , and as a result , the vultures are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of vultures are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years later , and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug called <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's none , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfill of dead bodies , and when you have dogs in the street , you have a huge bomb for anger , and the number of cases of rage has increased greatly in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> will be above the lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of dead vultures to serve the <unk> and the market of <unk> .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a problem locally is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the vultures , about needing to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can they help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 'll take their time to spread the word . Let 's get the word .
When you go out of this room , they will tell you about vultures , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors about vultures .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed his mind because he saw her flying without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and all that I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
Since 1971 , to 1977 , I was a young man , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in social cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we 've played with <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down into the <unk> River , and we teach local , Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
And of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they would invite them to come to work , and sometimes they would n't come , we were amazed that the locals , in so fertile valley , they would n't have agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato paste would grow this size . In Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them the <unk> , `` Look at what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only , the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what they did the English , they did the French , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You 're going to see the waste -- you 'll see the waste that we 're going to give you to the <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` To <unk> dead '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
You only read your book .
<unk> of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
We Western are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're placing them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I 'm dealing with any different culture as if they were my kids . `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I try all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference , put a stick on the floor on the floor , and he said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not slowing down ? ''
I decided for 27 years only to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never starts , motivates anyone , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? You 're <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give it an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped them find knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we hear them ? But not in meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs ever run , and they will never say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't go to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new career .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor in the business , who sets up with you at home , at the table of her kitchen , in the coffee , and it helps to find the resources to transform his passion into a form of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing that we got to tell them what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut down and I heard it . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in the history , passed away from 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` Life is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit .
So now we 're going to see reconstructing reconstructing Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to give them a little bit of money , privacy , has to be fantastic at you , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
Which presentation you 've got to do more this morning ?
<unk> local people . That 's what you 've been doing .
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewables -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to think about , is how we maximize , we heal , we teach , we 're mixing , communicate seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? Forget it ! Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year or in the year .
And in the year , they got together this group of people , and I think about what would happen to the New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve , and they pointed out , if the population keeps growing at this rate , to move to the population of New York to the surroundings , six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already becoming manure , so they were so long in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology of New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies came together , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they would n't come to talk with you .
Then , you have to give them a absolute , dedicated , <unk> service .
And , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about how to go .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell is to be fantastic , you have to count with a fantastic marketing , you have to count a great financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world I can do , sell and looking for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked at and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world , please , Edison , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the success companies in the world have in common , just one : no one started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' -- but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who are from a small business environment in bars , in bars with their dedicated business who will do for you , which somebody did by this gentleman who talks about this guy who talks about this epic , someone who will ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you find money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge to be able to share the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How to share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better understanding of our landscape ?
How do we share more of our hopes for empty stores so our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that give lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in the music , there 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of American property properties .
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me a deep gratitude for the time of life .
It was clarity to the significant things about my current life .
But let 's try to keep this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to catch on day to day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this left house on a giant blackboard , and he painted over her phrases for me , `` Before I die , I want ... ''
So originally they could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with , and it was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down on the line of date . ''
Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before we die , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before we die , I want to live outside the network . ''
Before we die , I want to give you a more time . ''
Before we die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
Before we die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and entrepreneurship and hopes for people laughing at me laughing , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding of our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about encouraging reflection and contemplation , and of remembering what 's the most important thing for us as we grow and we change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues at the center of civic center , we did a kit , and they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways of preserving the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we get more empowered .
If you think about death , we 're going to take our life .
Our spaces can be shared can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as community and as a community to share hope , fears and stories , people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today , I have a single request .
Please , do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 and very good-looking .
It does n't talk , but it 's broadcasting better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
This is sharing .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and notice this : I never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to speak the words that I did n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's very good-looking .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year when I came out every one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , to pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Lady .
Do n't look amazing ?
But most people disagree with .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normality , often they 're <unk> and <unk> .
But the thing that propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even though that was the case , even though you would n't consider them within the ordinary , it could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic -- autistic , extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication and learning and sometimes physical skills .
In every single individual , similarly , in a different way , that it will be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes is diagnosed with autism , and although it 's one of the developmental disorders that fast increases in the world , there is no cause and cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new way to be in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived in life , and it was broken in his own world , with his own <unk> , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars in line around the room , watching the washing machine and eat anything in the middle .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , and I wish I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change by normal .
normality goes through the beauty that they give us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of them are wrong .
It just means there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach a single thing to Google and Sam and to you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like the other .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what it must have been Alice in the 1960s .
Penn State asked me to me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . I was really afraid of this students with his great minds , their great books and their big , unknown words .
But by developing those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat when I had those conversations with students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our greatest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , each other , and if we do n't know that , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and its engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
We do n't just tell us that they study <unk> , but they study them , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , carefully with the jargon .
The lingo is one obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' -- that 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing that makes them dumb .
Rather , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly your science without compromise .
And one thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're ways to look at it with their content .
And when you introduce his work , forget about the signs of the bullet .
You 've been wondering why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What are the bullets doing ? The bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
It 's a <unk> like this not only boring , but it 's supported too much in the language of the language of our brains and our brains .
Now , instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective , it shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that actually inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , then , provide graphs that will be attached to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that 's science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , by all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a journalism publisher of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that that 's looking for a public charge , no matter , or principle , and that , when he wins , it gets it for the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what <unk> means .
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they need to try to master the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they said in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the freak of <unk> <unk> , who confronted Parliament .
He was put in the London Tower and she was incarcerated , but he had enough people to tackle them , and eventually had such a popular support in London I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> '' -- strong like metal .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call a leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
And they were introduced all sorts of suggestions that might be <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and others `` <unk> from the <unk> of the U.S. People . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them simply wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And it was n't even <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given term .
And I could have served it .
All the world got immensely , because this debate will be spent for three weeks .
I read a poor Senator Senator , and he always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
Which caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was in the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King , if he gave him or his designated ideas .
So they wanted to give her the most modest , more insignificant , most unfortunate title that they came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . Did n't invent the title . There was no longer , but only meant `` somebody who <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
And there were a insignificant chairs of little colonial trees and government scrutiny , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is thrown out .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's serious about a kind of ridiculous , insignificant title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been offered by the President 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- is it possible to keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of the U.S. does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed with the title of <unk> .
So at the end , the Senate won .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , was a singularity .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate won , because no one 's going to be feeling humble when you 're telling them , it 's now the President of <unk> .
And I think that 's the big lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , we actually change it much more in the words than what they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male breeding thing and stones with primitive tools .
As the others , I 'm wearing a cheap flashlight of light -- strapped strapped onto the head with this <unk> elastic elastic , and I can barely tell the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I was looking at my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met before , who lost control and fell countless meters into that pump .
As I talk to you today , these men are on the depths of that hole , their lives without paying reward and often dying .
I went home and went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey from slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the incredible people that I met there , I met an NGO of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who has to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I began to learn about slavery , because I knew that existed in the world , but not about a degree .
When we finished talking , I was really wrong -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this terrible thing about our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
And I got a stomach knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
That 's how my journey started to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them considered my second home .
But this time , let 's put the dirty dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much of the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole day of slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer 's slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
equivalent to about $ 50,000 today .
But today , today , you can enslaving entire families by generations per generation per hour of $ 18 .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from over $ 13,000 dollars a year around the world .
Many have been <unk> with good education promises good education and better work to find out that they are forced to work without pay , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost everyone , and yet it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This weird and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Dante .
<unk> on a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , wrapped whole entire families in a heavy refusing to <unk> mechanically building bricks and 18 at the same time , and take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> by drudgery and tiredness work silent , doing this task , and again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no coffee eating , not to drink , and the severe <unk> was making you just quite inconsequential .
As <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera was too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and sitting there , I thought , `` My camera receives a much better treatment than these people . ''
I wanted to cry , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side , quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't give you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
I could put it in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for his release , and he trusted the system that he trusted .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart broken .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for miles on mountain land to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big things were more heavy than the children who carried them and children would hold them into their heads with a <unk> home , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so pervasive ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day , because this has been all their life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers were <unk> her freedom , the <unk> they burned all their houses .
When we hear the word slavery often we think about sexual traffic , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I got women left with women who had been previously sexual slaves .
It took me through a couple of stairs <unk> that gave this dirty basement , faint light light .
It was not exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local for prostitution prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves were <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven -- are forced to entertain the clients and they wanted to buy more food and alcohol .
Every post is dark and dirty , they identified a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their customers .
From the time on twilight , I remember feeling a <unk> <unk> , and at that point , I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell .
I just had one exit : stairs where I entered .
There was no hind door .
There was no windows big enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and , since we play a difficult topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , all around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
And recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often <unk> with our labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families going on in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the blue <unk> and the red ones , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these great barrels , and they dip silk in the liquid to <unk> , but that distortion is toxic .
My performer told her stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , to be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where we actually pay our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I was going to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a ship , two older brothers , some kids younger , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their families trafficked , missing and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake , even though they did n't know .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering ; it 's a little canoe out there .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees plunged into the lake , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , is hitting the water to unleash the branches .
Many are suffocate .
Since it has always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run away , and as a whole life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> it with the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at the next five o'clock in the morning , when they were picking up the last networks , but they had been working from the one .
<unk> and windy night .
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> victims .
Kofi symbolizes is possible .
Who will come because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> partners the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with their motorbike suddenly sped up and matched our car and played the window .
It asked us to take it down a land path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were getting away from the car , and he asked the driver to go out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
So as we started to go down , we took the <unk> that were going on the way and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the path was taken away by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photos on my head as they were going to go into these waters , to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> road ended up abruptly at a clear , and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of working workers .
Many women had tied up on their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they would walk in the poison water with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump they were centered on their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy rock bags that then will be transported back to another area where they would take the stone to get the gold .
Well , first of all , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but , if you look closer at the margin , we see a lot at the margin , work at least as well as kids .
They 're all victims of injury , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and the poisoning of the poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines .
By dying , his uncle was able to die , <unk> his debt to the uncle that will be a slave in the mines .
When I met her , I had worked on the mines , 14 years old , the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so big that doctors said that it should be missing .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , he 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams with being liberated and educated with the help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a face to a remote possibility , which brings me a lot of respect .
I want to drop light on slavery .
They knew that your images would be seen by you around the world .
And I wanted you to know that we knew that we will give testament to them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . These are people , real people , like you and I , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these beautiful people , abused me , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images wake up a force in whom you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turns on a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I 'm doing math applied , and there 's a particular problem for whom they do : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the heck we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were getting rid of the ballet , and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet requires a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some of the initial <unk> can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroy Parkinson 's ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , was a virtuous dancing apparatus .
In the last few years , it has been a lot of progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable <unk> , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we can know if there is really a cure to be a cure , when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement , and that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they never do it . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , and what if patients could do the test themselves ?
It would not be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose is to propose that as you do n't conventional to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it gives sound to speak . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes that we need . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires a level of extraordinary training .
Let 's think about time that takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can trace the position of vocal chords as they vibrate , and like Parkinson 's affects the limbs , they also affect the vocal organs .
On the bottom trace , you can see an example of irregular shake from vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal tremor , weakness and stiffness .
Now , the speech becomes more peaceful and replaced after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the <unk> clinical trials ? Well , both of these are <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make it .
They 're both skillful . Well , but also <unk> exams , they 're not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as much .
They 're extremely minimum , and we all know what happens .
When something takes such low cost : it appears on mass scale .
These are some amazing lists goals to address .
We can reduce our patients ' difficulties .
I do n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make a massive <unk> for clinical trials and , for the first time , clinically doable at scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it is too late .
So , when we 're going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Law Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anybody , or without Parkinson 's disease , you can call low price and leave recordings for pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What will you get from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is , during the call , you have to tell if you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data going through different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> the confusion of the disease in search of the disease .
TR : Have a 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network , as well , what we 're going to do now is 99 percent accuracy now .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you so much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We 're focusing on the dark , in no windows , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We make these thin models still thinner , the perfect skin is even more perfect , we can do the impossible , possible and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really talented artists with many years of experience and a real taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events events in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where I was a voluntary organization , there was <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On the 13th of May I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishermen town located in the <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first villages affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet tall , and over three miles inside .
As you can imagine , the people were crushed .
We take out of the channels and the ditches .
We took the schools . We took the slime 's houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten in the local factory .
We 're going to love us , and we loved it .
For weeks , as long as volunteers and neighbors find things like that .
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and SD cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the villages around them .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While he was fleeing the wave , and to save his lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a downtown village center .
It helped to clean the potluck , huge ones , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of <unk> would pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of that day and I had the honor of that day to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I moved on my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night , I walked into Facebook I contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started pumping the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too pale , but where the water had been dumped by the face of the girl , she had to get rid of very accuracy and it 's blown away .
Otherwise , that little girl , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it itself , and that would be as tragic as having the picture of it .
With the step of time , they came up with more luck pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks I had 150 people from joining in .
In Japan , in July , we targeted to <unk> , a neighboring neighbor of <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in the time photographic libraries that had set up , where people would reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take you in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . I could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed water .
It took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these photos submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even oil , all of it along with the step of the time continue to <unk> , and that 's why <unk> was a major part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky with birth to hand .
We have the guide from a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos already damaged .
As a time <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was kind of lucky to photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped when he realized it 's even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and their own face would not be been able to reconstruct , we were able to write the images in a single photo and play the whole picture .
When he picked up his pictures , they shared something from her story with us .
A bunch of colleagues in her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble rather far from where they used to be their house , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens comes out .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day she gave her his son pictures her youngest age 14 .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that I could remember from the past , that March had n't been marked on that March day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined in there -- 1,100 volunteers had joined us , and they helped us clean up more than 135 photographs -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of their owners , <unk> .
Over 500 volunteers from all over the world , they helped us give back to 90 families hundreds of photos , and they helped us back to 90 families .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of the technology for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of somebody or something , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we 're going to take , but the first thing you would ever get to look for .
So this was a project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give someone their connection to the past .
When a picture comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the <unk> life .
Some of them connected with something bigger , to bring something out , using their talent for something that they do n't have a perfect skin models .
To end , I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy that day back from Japan after six months .
As long as I do , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from grandmother to a little girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my family , my mom , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet in an exhibition in a single millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of picture : the <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos slow in motion slow in the motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without the X-ray of the X-ray , and actually defy the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turned it into a second <unk> or it 's , in many ways , create a <unk> photons package of just a millimeter wide .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we hit this bottle , how are those photons inside this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't take this research . They 're a lot of things in this film , and we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet is in the bottle with a package of photons that starts to <unk> and that , inside , starts <unk> .
Part of the light broke off , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons eventually reach the lid , and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
At that time , waves travel along the table , and because of the insights at the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several pictures , that thoughts are concentrate .
Now , if we take a regular and current bullet and we make it go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to sit see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film for a slow bullet in motion .
And what about testing with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table , the tomato paste and the wall wall .
It 's like throwing a rock in a tank .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over tomato , it 's shining bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe , and the light bounces off inside and it comes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is ripe without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a photo at low exposure , it comes in very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just just get something of light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded again with a very cleverly and again , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data and some interesting ways .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could get those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of our photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly enough at times .
And as we have a camera that works like this quickly , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to .
When you project a laser , you can record a gross photograph , which , you see on the screen , does n't really make any sense .
But let 's take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to try and analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we 'll be able to see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We 've got things to explore before we take this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions of what 's on the turn of the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at light reflected in open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood is quite difficult , so actually , this is a request to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization mode to solve the problems of <unk> health imaging .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , he became art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected is each time is not just scientific views , but we can do that .
So , create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each one of those waves , it 's just about <unk> .
But here also happens something fun .
If you look at waves underneath the cap , these are going to go from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes comes to the camera .
So we can bring it into the beginning warping of space and time , we can fix this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can put a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and starting a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , move it into <unk> and become famous .
All of this is possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were being able to look for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people gathered in search for a change , had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who from IBM have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm talking about me today , about my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 sets of information lines .
<unk> data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the E.U . presented a directive .
It 's the <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider of Europe , has to store a broad range of the users of users .
Who calls who , who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in his phone company or his Internet provider .
And all the people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this database .
We want the self-determination in the digital era , and we do n't want the telephone providers and the Internet stored providers all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everyone said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police in East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use cell phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who in that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , who please give me all the information that had about me .
I asked them once , and I came back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all , blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're going to be ashamed of my life . ''
So I decided to take a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give this information .
At the end of the end , an agreement .
Let 's run the demand and they would send me the information that I would .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> tribunal failed the <unk> for the official law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD , there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 thousand lines of information .
At first I saw and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom in , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> into the train , and what often I call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she calls me , we talked to me a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate to each other , what time they call each other , how time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who you talk to who , who 's sent to email who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , until two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , you have a mobile pocket in your pocket .
And I had known that who was involved in this protest , and , if I had learned that the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And so , as a result , neither of the <unk> <unk> .
Because today , state agencies , companies want to store so much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility of keeping our lives , and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that daily .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not past fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative of just because companies and city agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones to remind them to remember that they have to fight for the self-determination in the digital era .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me into the world .
I would encourage my mom six times in six different directions , put it into the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to spend it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
The P. C. Not genetics .
It 's not <unk> nor contract .
No one 's uterus in my mother and not <unk> because my parents were brothers , but they are .
It 's just by accidents , like the one that I was at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
And it feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you want to be disabled .
Go walk .
You 're in the mall , are in the mall , they 're driving in a lot of parking lot and what you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm telling you , I have a 99 problem , and settlement C. It 's just one of them .
If there 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and I live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can [ cannon cannon ] doing it ; dancing . ''
If my three older sisters , I cleaned up .
Now , if my three older sisters went to public school , my parents went to the school system , and my parents would tell me that I was also , and if we did n't take out all the top note , we all had the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk the five years to put my heels in his feet and just walking .
And another tactic that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that we can <unk> it .
The <unk> that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten , I was walking like a boxing champion that has gotten a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use , `` I hate Muslims . ''
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of fun I 'd die from hunger for the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating , so you expect the dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced covered on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . He 's crazy . My parents could not afford physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I 'm able to walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I 'm also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation in the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we got <unk> .
On summer vacation often , my father was a <unk> , so I would drink milk , I would put warm cups on my back , and I was dressed in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before yoga was a <unk> comedian that could n't stand up .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents would give this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet department in the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart , I took the maximum note in my classes , and I got in his classes .
Every time I made a glass scene from the crystal zoo my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds , `` At the end , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Finally ! Finally !
Thank God almighty , I 'm in the end , I 'm free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him for Brown .
I went to <unk> on the principal of the theater department , crying , historically , as if someone had killed my cat , ask him why , and she told me that because they thought I could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role in which he literally was born and gave it to an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors with <unk> actors .
When I graduated , I returned home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra soap extra .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew it would be `` <unk> '' to `` better friend crazy . ''
Instead , I was there like a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that the management directors are not supposed to be <unk> actors , were not white , with disability .
Just let it go to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Captain Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I made it <unk> .
In my first tour , I took some famous cartoon in New York to New Jersey to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy he took when she fell at the account that he was at high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all over the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , not censorship and not veil .
Some people say that I am the first <unk> in the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you never heard that little nasty buzz that says that women are not fun , and they find us so fun .
In 2003 , my brother of other mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media and to remind you of the <unk> , which <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
The Arabs were much easier to fight the challenge of disability stigma .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the news news program by cable it has Keith <unk> .
I went into a graduate dance , and I went to a studio and they sat me on a wheelchair .
And I looked at the principal and said , `` Excuse me , you can give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So , I strapped on to the lecture desk to do n't go from the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
At the end , I had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to having me , but I was like I was full-time at all and bashed my chair .
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are scum scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they would never be pregnant by me or a child or a child .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became object .
I would see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : Poor terrorist <unk> .
What a disease has ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A reviewer suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum , writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the ... Yes , clap , man . Come on .
Cities are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
But having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that will be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
We may still need the whole society to teach our kids .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I got to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the warmth of the soap Susan <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I got to act in a film with Adam <unk> and working with my hero , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have gotten insane . ''
I was <unk> on representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 <unk> .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give children the Palestinian refugee children a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father watched me live live , and I do this talk to his memory .
Oh , lie in peace , dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small town .
I do n't know her name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small town of <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no job , no time perspective .
He just lived in a tent in the town at the outskirts of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day he 's got a guy who offered him to lunch , then for dinner , to my breakfast .
She meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It 's getting a little bit of money for you to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They present to a young man .
And finally home .
It starts with a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That boy from that little village with the dreams of the great city was suicide suicide , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a little town of a young village trying to fulfill their dreams in the town , does it end up with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the cycle of waiting . ''
And its story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the outcasts , young urban urban urban urban urban neighborhoods that wander in Johannesburg , <unk> in London , who are looking for something beyond the `` waiting period . ''
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide them opportunities , the history of the waiting cycle , the door of access to terrorism , to the violence , to gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
Seventy percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , where I was born .
I remember being in the hospital at the hospital <unk> thinking , `` And if I never had gone ? ''
And if I had been forced to be forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' for me ?
Would it have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was at <unk> that month was actually to house a few juvenile leaders in a corporate peak .
It was going to be a few 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate college college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from point A to the B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycles company .
It started <unk> out of the local residents who could n't normally get 'em .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point , to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What does this story do ?
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit of corporate entrepreneurship , and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` period of waiting . ''
They encourage young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are searching for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the summit of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until a little bit , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were born from plastic , from overseas .
If you gave somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
A floral design company started .
He created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and began to grow <unk> and <unk> , which he said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working in the creation of the world 's first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell the pink pink .
By the way , he does n't wear a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> from change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 're carrying corporate solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a new business culture is really a great step , but young people need capital to make their ideas happen .
They need expertise and guidance to guide you into the development and put them in their business .
<unk> the young people with the resources that they need to be able to move from conception to creation , and will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the corporate spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , it will transform the way people see their city .
He hired kids from the street to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the `` waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is , they will turn young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and feeding their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and the Peace Parks that <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I had about ten years , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north in New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves like a <unk> , and it will not be on the way we were born , almost we could pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We came to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> view of a beautiful frozen lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a dump , of about four square meters with the heart block with rotten paper balls of aluminum paper , and old shoe .
And I was amazed , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to take what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it would be <unk> .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where put the `` ours '' , who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , which is 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like to use your uniform and carry that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and I walked through the routes and I interviewed people in offices and installations throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go into more .
So I began to work like garbage <unk> .
I did n't just ride on the trucks . I was going to use them .
And it was operated by mechanical restraints and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asking about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as they believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used fast .
It costs a lot of used to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were tracking the weight of getting over their body tons of trash all weeks .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic all the day and they go from all around the day .
They just want to <unk> them , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of trash .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic , because I think that waste waste are the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in efficient and efficient and effectively every day , this starts <unk> from their containers and their dangers inherent in very real ways .
So , diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to each other , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointed out their relationship .
And then it 's what I call you our average speed that I call daily .
I mean just at the speed of that , I mean , just at the speed of <unk> in contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , and we 've cleaned , or we carry out with us our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We used them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take away from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and focus on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their work allows us to make our own .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , from our waste , our waste , and that flow has always to stay in one way or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running the stairs , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as I did that on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank me for doing his job that particular day , but I started to cry .
And I looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go right .
Let 's be right . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking at the waste collection and I went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be right .
But in our efforts , the way we exist in this planet , as a species , we have to include in account every single cost , even the very real human cost of the labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your days and your life , the next one to see somebody whose job is to clean the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our communal life , forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this today .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example of an invitation started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we needed to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After looking at some of these buildings , there are many in the city we realized there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores , where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to employ a lot of energy because the fluid is generating heat inside , so it 's needed a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , its aspect has nothing to do with Africa and in Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place that 's so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the old market , which is this <unk> structure where thousands of people are going and buy things every day to little vendors .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge came to the survey , which is located in a lot of a lot of the city growth zone , where much of the buildings we see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the inputs in the building .
And this spreads out of an inclined atrium space in the building that would be authorized , by its own shape and the sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with little businesses , that changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we 're going to go to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
And then we inspire ourselves in these beautiful buttons in the Ethiopian dresses .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me to model the facade .
We 're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building .
So this is embedded with these little crystals of colors that use the light from the inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because they had the end of the house to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy power in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we get a big advantage by putting it on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for inner health .
You 're waiting for the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of the construction .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the biggest one I 've ever designed , needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I set special attention to the <unk> , a 1,000 years old , who was surrounded by a wall with twelve hives of access access by nearly straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was broaden the streets of existing streets , by creating 12 blocks like size and features in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors with straight lines , and this has changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell cell , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a prisoner , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and so a natural ventilation .
So you would make a schematic that claims most of the apartments are perfectly leaning in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the building block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the floor , we have all the connections for the pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that they set up greater density at the higher levels and lower density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back into the community , the occupied space for the construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and mingle , and make activities such as a <unk> race race , or to jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people changes communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as objective to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had a very bright amount of hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was so hard for the capitals of states , very good at <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I <unk> my sinister plan .
One day I stood up after the school output -- I was a little bit late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took off my master 's report .
And then I did .
Let 's put on my rival ratings , just a little bit , just a few .
All of them . And I set me to give back the book to the drawer , but to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades .
So in a frenzy , we 'll give you the notes of everybody , no imagination .
I put all lines of <unk> and myself a line of this , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good at it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all <unk> .
I never discovered .
But most of all , I was amazed at the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for me .
It was <unk> by jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
The primates . The birds were very prone to .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will analyze loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So we have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy in all its possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have been literature either .
Well there would be no longer Americans , he would n't have a `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , no `` <unk> and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I would take the lists out of high school , because we would be losing `` The Noise and The <unk> '' -- there would be no `` Madame '' and `` Party . '' `` Madame K '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , I know that it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has all of them .
This year is 100 years of their masterpiece , `` To search for lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also the ordinary competitiveness , it 's mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details about it , right ?
We think in a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think about a <unk> in your revenue .
We forget about how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , this is books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know what cat <unk> is , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy -- jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as the jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a very solid narrative foundation ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , if storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
Now , jealousy makes us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool <unk> that <unk> detects on his lover , adds it to its collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . We need to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
Now , the jealousy is embedded in information .
<unk> use detail .
The jealousy like the great amounts of bright hair and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
<unk> came from pictures .
That 's why , Instagram is so successful ; Proust links the language of <unk> with jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , of soon listening to the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then he defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think that this is disgusting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looks <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but , at the point , they 're search for knowledge , looking for the truth , a real painful truth . In fact , that we Proust , the more painful , the better .
Pain , humiliation , humiliation : These were the way to ignorance .
He says , `` One woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes us to be a range of feelings that are much more profound and more vital than a wise man who may be interested . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think he 's trying to say that jealousy revealed to ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion over us , the horrible ambition and our rights ?
Some other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write on this later .
One day , Freud went visited by a young woman who was being consumed by the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud says there was something bizarre in that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent . Everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without considering , involuntary behaviors .
Did you get too much ? Or accidentally got a man ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
novels describe very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the harder we are , the more we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy have led us to making violent or illegal acts .
Now , jealousy drives us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about my case at 8 years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news .
A woman from Michigan years was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook , since they were sent <unk> , awful messages , itself , for a year .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to bring him to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like the novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be fair for a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going from <unk> , or want what you 've got to take out of your own , and you 're going on the floor , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your rings , you take your rings , cow bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> everyone , as much as sometimes .
It 's a pity , because we live in time of envy .
We live in time of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not secure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and questions by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about Professor Moriarty in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been thinking , `` <unk> '' ] <unk> , the head of rat 's face <unk> that needs desperately to do , she needs Holmes ' genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs his help , but I would plug it up , and I 'd put it up with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> '' , once Holmes comes in , <unk> all with his solution , he goes back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person at Historic Scotland that I do n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes from it in history . It seems like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Holmes , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows me to admire that idea of being <unk> .
Could still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to stop the greatness of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like the plans on contingency .
So while we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have the fiction to <unk> it .
It 's only the fictional fiction of jealousy .
The fiction alone alone , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the <unk> shock .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On the 21st of July of 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the air module of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone alone , but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization at the U.S. history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew one .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
He walked over the surface of which I believed after the death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have been a lot of back : 50 pounds of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the significance and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the own words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why is the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do you scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would we fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the east of the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the time of wonder to transcendence about the powers of technology .
They were because it was great power to do it .
landing on the moon was in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it took polio and eliminated the smallpox .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the crew of Apollo 10 flew in 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being went back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism of the power of technology has evaporated from seeing that the problems that we imagine that the technology would solve as to go to Mars , create clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to have a result of a result .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me it would n't look at the <unk> tube <unk> from the rocket Saturn V .
I knew what this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure that I would be able to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to , `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It seems like if technologists would have become distracted , and they were enriched enriched us with trivial toys , things like iPhones , social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But not solving the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that you have created less ambitious companies that the ones in the years that Intel would take place , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in concrete , the incentives that the venture capitalists offer give entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused us to change ideas that are going to be used by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It mostly <unk> what 's wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , they were at their peak without caring at the risk , they preferred small investments , so small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , that they need a huge amount of capital and whose development is long-term , and they have never invested in the development of technologies being solved by solving big problems , because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we chose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Less than two percent of the world 's energy consumption comes from sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want alternatives of alternatives that can compete at the price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , businesspeople , and economists are according to what policies and treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an American American policy that reflects that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technology , is not to be .
We know that hunger are a result of failure in the way of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that hunger are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops , or the crops for the storage and the storage of food , but there will be some hunger while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems , sometimes we have a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon had declared the war in 1971 , but we suddenly discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some very resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have effective and effective treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we have to , but these four elements of being present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem , the institutions must support the solution ; it 's really about a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the technology 's ability to solve great problems , is fulfilled with those criteria .
But it 's a model model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition as well as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like the one of exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And it really was n't to address any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with the ideas that have been about trust .
They are so common that they have become abundant of our society .
I think they 're three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should be more confident .
And the third one is a task : we should regain trust .
I think the claim , the target and the task have been wrong played .
What I 'm going to try to talk about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clearer idea about it .
First of all , why do people think that trust has declined ?
And if I think about the basis of my evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to thinking that it may have fallen down in some activities or institutions , and that could have increased others .
I do n't know it .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at the opinion surveys over time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and political , continue to inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still pretty reliable , judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence that enough ?
The opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people apply when you ask certain questions .
Trust politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone would ask you , `` Are you going to get in the <unk> ?
Do you respond to the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
Now , probably <unk> for asking , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others not . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to drop trust in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of a mate , an official or a kind of person , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain teacher teacher I know to give you the class of reading , but in no way to drive the school fees .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have had those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in form more abstract ?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real trust level , because they 're trying to identify their good judgment by having trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm looking at .
I would be able to get more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who would take their savings with very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , yeah , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Lucy palms or relaxation with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say that , it says , yeah , yeah , it 's worth it , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's all about is to make a judgment of how reliable people are in certain respects .
And I think to be able to make a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person 's being competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to bring an email to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to take their own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
Yeah , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before you trust .
The trust is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier for us to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes more time to do the punishment paperwork that will attend the delivery itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional and institutional system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and reliability tests , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is it 's hard for the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let them say `` lead the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know examples similar .
All of that , all of that .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different lengths to be concerned , and that things would be different if they were confident , and if you 're going to tell people that we are reliable and if you 're trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's trial , simple actions , attitudes , what do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
Let 's go on the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the base enough so that they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't fool , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to give them some <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , ordinary people , officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , says I can return them without giving up explanations .
I 'm wearing it , and I get the money back , or you change them for the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're looking at is not very hard to tell .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Since the beginning of computers , we 've been working on reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be exchanged .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , more and more , to such point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , what if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First , I created this tool that got into the digital space , so when the strong <unk> against the transfers of your physical body to pixels .
Designers can put their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So with this tool , you break down the barriers .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How can we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the division of Science mathematical Science , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little bit on the keyboard in a digital field area .
So I combined a very small bombsight with cameras of depth , to detect your fingers and the face , now you can put your hands on the keyboard , get into the interior of 3D space , and grab them directly with the hands .
As the windows and the archives have a location in real space , it 's just as easy as taking a street book .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor , which is below each display .
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would be bought and returned on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted on the head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make a physicist so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would a future look like like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab , with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we take gravity and control the movement by a combination of MRI , and a mechanic and detectors .
And in programming , the object , we release it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and reproduce and stay in the physical world in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , and at a distance and the famous <unk> by Michael Jordan , you can reproduce it as a physical reality of physics .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the computer physics is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday activities .
As you can see , digital information not just showing you something , but begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without we have to get rid of our world .
We started talking today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was encouraged to become a <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was just a accurate path towards happiness : a safe , safe job .
No matter if the work I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young people , so I tried everything I was able to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult would give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
All my friends were supportive , but they were kids , no authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much more to train .
My dream will never come to me .
I was afraid that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness is the only thing that might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved another calling .
No one to me , wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go into the books .
[ `` Works '' of <unk> , `` aka Work ) ] [ `` Police Echo '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I was here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> blame trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's take a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never happened to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
Rapid reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are the research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought , if comparative reading works to investigate , why do n't we do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be about people [ `` Benjamin Franklin '' in Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams '' from David <unk> who were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , they are cheap , politics and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all these psychological things : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know other language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Captain de Tzu de Tzu '' [ `` The Road to '' Alan <unk> : Instead of missing in translation , I found that you can gain a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` bride '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I would n't feel lonely or powerless never to feel .
Having a lasting sleep is not really compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place of the dreams that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
So , even an shattered dream to do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always come to you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 80-year-old woman called Alex .
So Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on the couch on my office and said I wanted to talk about her problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class partner had a <unk> .
And I got a <unk> who wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought into the sessions , it made me easy just to move my head as well as we were looking at the solution .
`` <unk> are the new twenty , '' saying Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work next , you get home later , it has children later , until death happens later .
For <unk> like Alex and I had some time .
But soon after , my squad squad lobbied me to push Alex to talk about their loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Of course , he 's going under the guy who sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my squad supervisor said , `` Still do n't , but maybe they get married with the next one .
Also , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what she used to do , but this did n't make Alex in Alex in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect time and we were throwing it away .
So I realized , that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for the races , families and the future <unk> of <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood without spending before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh yeah . They 're incredible .
If you work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you take your dream out a 20-year-old , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35 years .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha , '' which shapes your life will have gone past it , so when you have 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win .
We know that more than half Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up with its second and final stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change from themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during its <unk> than in any time of life , and we know that female fertility goes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the time to educate her body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily life and common has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical time in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call the <unk> an extended adolescence .
The journalists were telling them names ridiculous names , `` <unk> , '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve great things , you need a plan , and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give a headache in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , smart , interesting , interesting <unk> like you or your kids get to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts going to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum day than I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts going to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the game game .
They were all running around , but then at some point around the 30 , it turned out the music , and they all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only <unk> , so I sometimes think I got married , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge amount of pressure in 30 and so many of a career to start a career , to choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much more short time .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's some research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you want to now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment , but you still ca n't decide , so I spent the last few years working like <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he was living with a boyfriend who showed more high-capacity ambition .
And even though I live very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
I often spent on our sessions , but then he was getting her back to say , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the whole morning with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words , `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who is going to take care of me if I got cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work for me to resist and say , `` Me . ''
The thing that Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in Alex as well as the Nobel anniversary of Emma was going ahead .
So for the next couple of weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that every fellow , man or woman , she deserves to know .
First of all , I told him to Emma who would forget about that identity crisis and it 's an identity of identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school that you want to test .
I 'm not crossing the <unk> exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that I should not tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and she would tell them .
Second , I told him to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you back to the airport , but the whispers that come together with friends with similar minds , just as much as who you know , how they think about , how they speak , how they speak , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who is coming out of almost always comes from their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called sweet links of friends of your friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have any work .
But the other half no , and the weak links are the way we get to this group .
Half of the jobs has never been published , so knowing the head of your neighbor is the way we get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
For last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't pick her family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma would soon join her family , when he has a couple and form your own family .
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
You may think that 30 is better age to sit on the 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person you live in now or you 're going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work , or killing time with anyone who 's going to play them .
So what about Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found out the <unk> of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped her get a job there .
That job offer gave me a reason to leave the boyfriend with that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special for events in museums .
It 's married to a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I send a letter that said , `` Now , emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like planes coming out of Los Angeles Airport , which comes out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a light tightly in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
Likewise , at 21 or 25 or 25 , even the 29 , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next generations or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to everyone who knows .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I 've got the privilege of telling them as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get a capital of identity , use their weak ties , choose your family .
You do n't know what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're doing their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job in management consultancy for a job that was even more picky : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics at New York public schools in New York City .
And as any professor , I applied tests and test .
I 'll give you tasks .
When the work came back , we 'll go through grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have scores of I.Q . .
Some of my smartest children was n't going to be so good .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard , and for enough time .
After several years later , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure it better .
But what if you have success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn from a fast and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who has success here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would be tested .
We went to the National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers car-sharing in a really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and of those , who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students ' learning results ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what of these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
and who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged as a significant predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , the physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve real-time goals .
determination is to have resistance .
determination is to hold onto its future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my purpose questionnaires , and then I waited about a year to see those who are <unk> .
It turns out that children with most determination had significantly more likely to graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or <unk> National <unk> in which it matters , and it 's also in school , especially for the kids at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , what the science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop determination in the children ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just do n't follow with their engagements .
In fact , in our data , commonly determination is not related or even related to backwards .
Until now , the best idea I 've heard about developing children 's determination is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to be born when fail , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end up my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start with all the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
He <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and shape of the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I 'm going to get myself through this incredible language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I began to learn how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we just have five minutes , it 's better than we do in a faster , simple way .
An Chinese academic believes in a thousand characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read the signals of transit , enough to read traffic menus , understand the basic idea of the web or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can be square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was screaming differently , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning myself ! '' This symbol actually is originally from the way it 's called , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The thing that will make them work .
This is a tree .
The tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters to these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for many more characters .
A person .
If someone walks behind , that 's `` going . ''
As the former said , two are a crowd , three are a crowd .
If a person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was so big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot , '' Easy to remember , because a speaker is pretty much an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it gets too hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , these are flashes .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the sparkle .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a table inside the door , it 's the deadbolt from the door .
Put a mouth on the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did there have someone at home ?
This person 's going hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful that .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little bit of effort , they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that they learn a eight-year-old Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun in the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> its political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a way out .
This is a slide to remind me I should stop talking and lower the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies that I get to see .
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raising our kids in a kind of industrial complex programs .
However , the magician of Oz was an event on itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend line took rise to a 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> guy who was <unk> a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple ones .
But I think that if the magician of Oz will do today , the magician would say : Dorothy , are the salvation of Oz as prophecy as prophecy .
You use magical shoes to defeat armies building by <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing of the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters , wise characters , even villains are women .
I started to notice this when I made `` Star Wars , '' my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's only three years old .
I was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had gone down , and he was impressed as a mom , and he was impressed as a mom , with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what a whole bit .
Would they be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you have a sense that Luke are one to an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this with the magician of 1939 , 1939 .
How does Dorothy his movie make ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , okay , and not a world of men struggling , which is where we are .
Why are there as much force capital , right , strength in movies for our kids , and so little on the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I 've not read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that Princess <unk> does n't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of the adults who are blended . I think that at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credit guys started to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search has done , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a silly animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , although they are , the kids , they 're not really their objective audience .
They do a phenomenal job at teaching girls how to defend girls , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend themselves from patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so that real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues to come up with classic appearing after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally went out of <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies happens the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
There 's still no roots , and it 's already spreading , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions you need to be done : in the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the kid that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? Oscar 's success , a box success , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood film is in quality .
Pretty much , it does n't happen .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hiding spot , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular movies , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven out . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we have chosen recently for the Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a greater number that this one that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I also do n't think music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are these guys ? What are you learning ?
What do they do n't get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that is that the paper of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
We are <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same , we find this world and this very disturbing statistic and we want to <unk> them .
Do we have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , do n't I have to ask , Are you going to ask yourself if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important , and I 'm talking about mainly parents .
I think we need to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars , you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help us reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories where I 'm telling my son : Go and struggle only and more stories where their job was to join a team , perhaps a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine and one of the things that I was most about was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I used to go for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I would see with my own eyes , it was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of 1,300 miles away with the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see when we 're using infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , by simple sight , looks brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt 's capital for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years .
The place sits in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , the architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of two kings that they built , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere inside this enormous edge of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six times a mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to the <unk> , and as it changed over time , she moved into this and <unk> the whole city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we used NASA NASA data to make a map of the place , very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going on .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this kind of very large area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists by looking at sampling .
When I say to you , it 's like the shots of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we seek layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , underneath a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation , several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> works -- <unk> , fake and cat , and he shows that there was a jewelry store .
This might seem like it 's not too much , but when we think about the most common stones used by the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation than data on the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop , which shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We do n't find <unk> here , but I would turn to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the largest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it seems , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Make the ideas happen in 1984 BC , in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the search for shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now you 're going to take a group of <unk> obese group .
They 're competing in a racing race race , and they 're going into the front door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , the wheels that pass on their side , the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold .
In the lobby , into the hallway , or whatever there 's the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light turns out on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with his hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur that tickle your nose .
You can smell the cookie of oats and you can go into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter his living room .
In the room , and making maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on her downtown table , singing `` <unk> One More Time One . ''
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow building path , and from the oven come to you at you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len , `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise person .
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , watching them just once .
<unk> the names of dozens and tens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is unbelievable . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
I actually have an average memory .
Everybody who involved with this competition says they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that he used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have n't heard about this before ? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a crank , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears out how they memorize the order in a deck of cards live , on national television .
That would try the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start with something not ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
It ended the most part of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what the potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a guy named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Now , it was an incredibly tragic window , but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of <unk> Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went back in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was graphics .
And when I came back , I read a number of treaties on writing about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having a trained , disciplined and growing thing was not such a weird thing that you might like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , in order to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We have culturally changed , and I would say that we have also changed as well .
Because we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems like we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you are still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this particular competition of memory .
It 's actually not that unique ; there 's room like this worldwide .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of University College University of London invited a bunch of memory champions , in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to have brains in some ways , structural , most of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of the control of the control .
When they put them in an MRI machine , it <unk> their brains as long as they 're looking at numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , found that in memory champions , they found that parts of memory were <unk> parts of the brain , different people .
They actually used them , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorization is driven as an armed career where each year comes to a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of those competitors have to get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of messy cards that he is about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he only he calls .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> binary digits .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all techniques used by the end , you get a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It 's illustrating a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox . [ <unk> ] says to two people who remember the same word . I say to you , `` Remember , there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , it really does n't mean nothing for you .
With all the other memories dancing by his head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' we know bakers .
They use white hats .
They have flour .
All right when they go home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you take that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> at some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this about two and a half thousand years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palazzo of memory . ''
The story says this : there was a poet called <unk> who went to a potluck .
He had hired him as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , he did n't take a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , her name was his memory poem , and he left , and as soon as it was , the classroom was collapsed .
by killing them all .
But it did n't just kill them all , but it dismantled the bodies left <unk> .
Nobody could say who was there , no one could remember where you were sitting there .
So you could n't afford them .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , I stopped , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , he closed the eyes and realized that with his mind of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting on every invited .
He took the relatives of the hand <unk> where their loved ones were in between the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that time is something that we all know more or intuitively , and that 's no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual , visual memory and real space .
If you ask me to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I 'm willing to bet that if you told them to say who I was sitting on the <unk> <unk> in your lobby , they would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palazzo 's idea is to create this building with his mind , and the eyes of his mind with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny , funny , funny , <unk> , and it 's the image , the more memorable it will be .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to make it of memory , in the same way that would be Cicero , if they were invited to <unk> him 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , memorable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and look at the <unk> of the <unk> , Ed .
And that 's what you would remember to introduce Ed Cook .
And then you 'll see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that you want to tell .
And then you fly in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to be confused , but typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking and rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I jumped in full of that .
I went to some of these competence of memory , and I had the idea of writing something large about this competitive subculture subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking exams . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets stuck in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are incredible things going on in these people 's minds , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I saw the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun enough .
I would never have hoped that it was .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training memory .
What 's really about doing is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was really hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security goggles covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a mood competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could type , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be a good postscript to all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something I did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers and telephone numbers , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to start building out of memory or they memorize house cards , to benefit from a little bit of insights about how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories educate them .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
We focus when we focus deeply .
The memory of the memory -- these memory techniques , it 's just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're making us <unk> .
We 're going to give you a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of you are not hanging out there .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things be memorable .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short <unk> existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side . We 're going to be so disruptive that we do n't even bother processing in it ?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible latent memory abilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we would just give it a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a Jersey course , I was six years old and I lived there at a village of my parents in a town called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there they all spend the time looking at the telly and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone looks at me , and every time I got bored and I went back in a towel , everybody sees me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , no stop of areas , but of those gut connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little bit naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises you : `` power '' and `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they think about it in a building , a couple of 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that is using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we built our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the U.S. , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solids , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because you build stuff .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we find buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he has a dome -- it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which leave you <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , he ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are that completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation , the architects who constantly drive new technologies , new doodling , new solutions for life forms today .
We 'd sort of sort of push them out and sort of push it away from the people , completely away .
And all of the black , this is very depressing . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have any other option .
We need to go to the other side and will connect with those appreciated symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're all happy about it , we 're going to swing the pendulum from the back , over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
Small <unk> , drip scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the '80s , and we start bringing those symbols together .
So let 's turn the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like and <unk> them .
We 'll make a neon sign and we added bake new and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We 're going to take cabinets , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which might be medieval <unk> made out of glass .
And the shapes were going off , won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Trade grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , and we moved into the neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
And maybe with an endless stick of bread .
This is what happens with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we <unk> memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know that this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions , and a few ways that are matched against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , had been completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this silver facility .
<unk> in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 percent when they ended up the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible that they can become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is embedded around them and quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The world 's leading mayors did .
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of beginning new millennium happened with other star architects .
And I went to Quest and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium , actually started to go through the whole architecture , and the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of it , for example , how you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
Your transportation speed : you can take a ship , an airplane , they can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and ultimately , we 're all photographers from architecture , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It does n't do a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before you know if what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture since the invention of concrete , of steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts swing around and faster and faster , to be in both extreme extremes , and it was effectively <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
We can now make almost instant symbols , with emotional payload , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We went out to replace this building that was caught fire .
This is the center of a town called <unk> at Fire Island in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked like the same as the result of the end , there were no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you made from the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building built up today , we first go to the Internet to look for `` new libraries '' .
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives you the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience that do n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen to , and you do n't let away from the architecture .
That means that the pendulum looking at one style to another , from movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historic imitation of red brick with ideas of what 's supposed to be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be restored to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or even you can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River River , and raise half a million dollars of the community together , together , is no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> of <unk> , as bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , more intelligent and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
The buildings not just reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces -- the local libraries , the homes where we formed our kids , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it very cool , typical of the children in a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally gorgeous .
And one of the things that you like to do is look at the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves those big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it , and he made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How is it that suddenly we 're not happy with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and she lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
He 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little scary , it 's a little bit confused , because even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him that it 's ugly .
Out of what her mom tells him and what his friends , or school school , they tell him , he does n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of her herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and she calls others to leave a comment , `` Am I nice or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , so far , I 've got more than 13,000 reviews .
Some of these are so unpleasant , that you do n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , which receives these responses in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , in mostly teenage girls , trying to communicate in this way .
But what are you getting to do ?
Well , teenagers today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure pressure and available all the time , talking , <unk> , `` I like , '' `` I like , '' by sharing , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , in a way , continuously , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go out of hand with that are just ruthless .
This environment , of being connected , is going to be connected to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a life online and the real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is , or what it is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what 's manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of someone 's life in front of a daily basis ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls from now .
<unk> size continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are among women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people you compare .
But the kids are also immune to this .
It 's like the superheroes of the superheroes , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're very <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , at the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls prefer to do something , because they think they 're not looking pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings , and as they taxpayer society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in the classroom ; they 're going to be involved in the classroom because they do n't want to call attention to their physical appearance .
One in five are you 're not attending at all at the time for days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think that you look good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a minor note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been generalized in Finland , America and China .
And it turns out regardless of what they actually weigh these young people .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about how you are , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with moments of self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they participate in more diets , they can lead them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that this is why they make more far-fetched decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drugs , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity , early ages and no protection and damage .
The perfect body search is pushing into the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , irrespective of whether they have or they do n't have a higher rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to an interview job in a day where they do n't feel secure with the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
The potential of this potential is interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , by itself , does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to instill in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers to get strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect imagery and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are an crucial point of departure for anyone willing to get an education in their body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of the way women are seen , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you about the input of our politicians in hair , or the size of its breasts , or if the determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to begin to judge people by what they are , not as you see .
Now , all of us can start doing it by assuming the responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you 're looking in a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are really making a difference on a pedestal .
And to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be those who come out on the big screen because we just will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe that they are never being seen from being who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister 's sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece 's niece ?
It could be simply the woman who is two distance seats , and what would it mean for her if he was released from that voice , who haunts him not having long legs , thighs , more skinny , much more flat belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were to edit this and we would say unlock your potential ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is retaining us all .
But let our kids do .
It turns out that the way that you see it is only a part of your identity , and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
Let 's make self-esteem on the rsums in our schools .
Let 's switch every one of us , the way we speak and compare to other people .
And working together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of today will become insurance agents in themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Rabbi Meir ' rabbi , the leader of the League of Defense League Christ .
At first , they were initially saying , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started to plan attacks about 12 of New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were being moved by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center could not stop .
Later he would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being he was an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , the primary school teacher -- among the two they did everything to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which is very few , even most Muslims , getting to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to make desire for the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in a whole human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were going to be used to their convictions that they think that we need to use all the possible means for everyone to live as well .
A few months before he was in his arrest , he sat down with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to shot training training in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at the shooting <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was with the FBI .
When I got my father , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained to me how to point at about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , I gave him the little orange light on the target , and , for all of all , especially mine , the whole target broke off .
My uncle went back to the others and Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , a child .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they found so funny .
You saw it , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted by putting up a 700 pounds of explosives in the northern tower tower in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times , and that instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone already was a moment of packing and leaving another city .
As I was always my face , the new face of the class was often a <unk> victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , quiet , <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I was reading it at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , it did n't develop social skills , to say it gently , growing <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put in a way of thinking , was for the presidential presidential elections .
In a <unk> program where I was involved in the National Geographic Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group became the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I was very passionate about .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
And I took a number of days out of the light this detail , and I realized there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend and quite frankly , and I was very proud to beat the barrier that my whole life had been made to believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job at Bush at Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience turned out to the development of my character .
All life had been taught to me that <unk> was a sin , and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By accident , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind and less critical critics I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied by a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat kind of <unk> , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
And so I could contrast the stereotypes that I was taught by a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it is to be homosexual , but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control .
And the Daily Show came from the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart was making me an honest intellectually about my <unk> , and I was helping me to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he turned my paternal figure in a moment that I was desperately going to be able to do .
And sometimes the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who 's going to try to take the violence , you can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I would join this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , talking against those meaningless acts , like rejection acts of my father .
With this simplicity I put up here as proof that violence is not inherent to no religion or race , which children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now there is a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , flavor and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , like your childhood moments you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you and you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of it .
I do n't have any certainty that you are aware of .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these existing films ?
Why are n't we just the robots that we 're going to do to produce results without experiencing the internal film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the 20th century , we 've got that vision .
psychology studied objectively , neuroscience was studying brain brains , but nobody did mention consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all began to change .
It <unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to alter consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a <unk> science .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to tell you , by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness , questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , these are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
So does n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to the neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , as life , and we 're going to find explanation .
<unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how the hurricanes work , how hurricanes work , how hurricanes work , how they breed , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we speak , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a materialistic heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of how <unk> <unk> work . For a long time , I would hit my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get ourselves at this point .
We have a wonderful string of explanations , great . We get used to this ; the physics explains chemistry , chemistry explaining biology , biology reveals part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is kind of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that start to start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem that 's hard for consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so they study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a pure reductionist theory , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is pretty close to denying than awareness of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time that we have , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
We physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of any more basic .
Instead , it 's considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , so he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws will cause .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural would be held by conscious consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not a thing about science .
It opens the way to manage scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness to other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , processes .
We physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that are so simple , that we can reach out on a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can articulate in a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' for everybody , `` <unk> , '' by the mind , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with anguish , when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , not .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some <unk> of consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would anyone like a crazy thing ?
Some of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we will observe thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's awareness .
You have a complex <unk> , like a human being , a complex awareness .
You 've got a simple information machine , simple awareness .
So something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , took this kind of theory and developed them rigorously .
It has a math measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information in a system .
And it 's supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a small degree of integration of information integration , just a fairly significant level of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The standard integration of information is smaller , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there 's still a level of consciousness of zero .
In fact I propose a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying the reality .
As Stephen Hawking explains it , `` Where do you get the fire of equations ? ''
From the vision of the view of physics , they can leave the physics of physics , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to accommodate our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical implications of it .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't needed to eat anything I had consciousness , then it was a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think it 's okay , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral assumptions , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samantha in the <unk> movie ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she 's got complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of smart computers in intelligent computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of whole collective communities , the planet .
Canada has your own conscience ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED talk . Right now we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole TED group , different from the inner films within each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you must be taking seriously .
So this <unk> view , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more safe from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is a fundamental thing , than the second , which is universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally go to it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we only need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a poor rural village .
I had a very normal profile , a very low profile of education .
I went to school , I was obsessed with my friends , <unk> my friends under me .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because she wanted to give it to a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She has n't actually gotten anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at `` The <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know that . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing to be considered as a accomplishment , if we take the disability outside of the equation .
Years later , I was later on the second part of the teaching at Melbourne in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the class of <unk> , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you go to your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What a speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of criticized for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchairs , they talk about things in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized : this child had had experiences with people with disabilities like inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not , and it 's not the kid 's fault ; that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you are waiting for them to inspire . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to make a lot of fun .
I 'm not here to <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 're in relation to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing to live with a disability , makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and it 's not a bad thing .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one , `` Your excuse is to do . '' Indeed .
Or this one , `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , the girl with no hands in drawing with a pencil for his mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with <unk> legs of carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term , because we 're going to take a group of people to the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , <unk> the disabled benefit from the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire you , motivate , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , that 's why it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost track of the number of times that I 've tackled <unk> to express that they think I 'm a brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen to before my work had a public profile .
It was like I got up with getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images will be informed by people with disabilities in the benefit of people with no disability .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled is actually hard .
Let 's do some things .
But the things that we do n't know are the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled , '' deliberately , because I 'm reminded by the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited with him .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to take the best of your ability as well as you do it , and that 's what happens with the children of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything outside the same .
They 're simply using their bodies by bringing out the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to act in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration '' tells us as a compliment .
And I know why it is .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , do n't you be inspired by something ? ''
And I actually know that I am .
I learn other people with disability at all time .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I learn that it 's a great idea to use a bunch of barbecue <unk> to pick up the things that go to me , I 'm teaching the ingenious trick of how to load your mobile phone battery into the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn about force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> .
I really think that that lie that has been sold to us about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
There 's a lot of smiles before a string of stairs has never made it to become a ramp .
Never . It 's going to be a TV screen , I wo n't make the subtitles for the deaf people .
Nor do a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and which is a positive outlook to convert all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> '' -- not being considered not to be considered not to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to take away from the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a kid at 11 grade school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
Disability does n't make us exceptional , but question what you believe to know about it , it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , today I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , you do n't know .
When people think about augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> my hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know that , because augmented reality changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what is to run through the field of 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting the ears .
We can know that it feels like a man 's 110 pounds <unk> , trying to <unk> it with everything .
I 've been there , and I assure you that 's not nice .
And I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give them an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images from NFL practices because the idea of the NFL , the emerging technology idea is an underwater going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Let 's go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the field of football , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have realized that you have people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
Paper <unk> : 54 ! Test mice !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling to be in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've been asking me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
or of a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go out of full , how do we take the next level ?
We took it on that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which probably many you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no ! I do n't want to go on play ! No !
Oh my God ! Oh my gosh .
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster to avert for his life .
What will be the experience of a fan of a fan when I was showing a movie from Adrian <unk> across the line , disposed of a <unk> with my arm before running and do an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I can be reluctant to run through the court , throwing the ball back at the bottom of the network , or do you call it up by making a bungee rubber ?
What is your experience when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you 'd get the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not yet augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How can we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
Now , let 's take the augmented reality when coaches and staff and owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So here 's a short refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the helmet of the fields and after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next step shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you have put on , you wo n't have to worry about forgetting a step .
It 's because they memorize the strategy .
They just go out into the field and they react .
And the coaches want , because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games , you would <unk> you as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a strategies for better strategies .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium , having a view from the high of the people who are below .
You also get information from the hats and <unk> , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is sent to the players .
The good teams will know the send .
The bad guys will have data overload .
This is going to get good teams of the bad teams .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that they are the field of field .
It 's going to get the ball out of it and <unk> it .
Let 's go through an open receptor . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> it , usually , but the system of <unk> will tell you .
Let 's go to the protection area .
Another flashlight will tell you that there 's an open receptor .
Get the ball out , but you 're going down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver can see in its bombsight , a area of grass that lights up and it can alter the race .
It 's coming , it 's catching up and runs and bring it back .
The public crazy and the fans have followed the move since each angle .
This is something that creates mass emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people you see , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
You want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sports , because it 's too profitable to be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think that we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , to be rather than another person .
We know what this technology is worth for Little sneakers .
It generates billions of dollars a year .
But how much is this technology worth for a professor in the classroom trying to show up to a <unk> , how harmful are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how they live being pursued ?
How much is it worth also for a schizophrenic <unk> or Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality is augmented .
The questions we do , the decisions we make and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Now , most of those 23 years ago , the country is <unk> the southern tip of <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer ' chief engineer , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
Oil from the bridge is not practical and practical . ''
But from their openness , more of 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , that each of it releases you out of all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free four to five seconds , the body strikes the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't normally happen in the water helpless and then drown .
I do n't think that the fact that this method of suicide is realizing the death method that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel .
Here 's where most people have to have before they take their life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darkest moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking with an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you , with joy that we had success that day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
He <unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were growing suicide , but to the officers as well .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , medical officials and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year , when you get a call from a possible subject ?
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking to an officer on the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was 32 years old and he had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , he had flown up here twice before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason with Jason , we asked us if we knew about the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> <unk> , and the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could Pandora , and she opened the box .
From she came out pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped some <unk> , leaned on on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just got her life off .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , he did n't seem to be ringing , because the next day , the family rabbi , called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had asked him .
collateral damage from suicide affects a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved being suicide ?
What would you say ?
Let 's tell you what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to you .
Do n't smoke , <unk> , or say to the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think someone is suicide , you do n't have to be afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other in similar circumstances have thought to end their life , you 've had these thoughts ? ''
Let 's go to the person in front of it can save her life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to argue , you know , there 's nothing you can do about it ; it 's recent social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost her son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking it should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell her friends , etc .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more moments of me to really realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the party of 49 with her father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police officer , and it has reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and told me that the car of Mike was below the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the late day before .
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has not been before wrong without a real mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to end .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the value to go forward .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible subject suicide sidewalk near the north tower .
I <unk> my two-wheeler on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , you immediately cross the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
And Kevin decided for his account to come back over that lane and give it to life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , I would plug it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it happen to go back and gave the hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I heard .
You stopped talking , and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I 've got that letter with me , and I 'd like to give it to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , I ca n't erase the events on March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin followed with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly <unk> .
She brought back to Kevin when he only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits that are <unk> , but , thank God , we know that .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And in the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's Hospital in San Francisco , that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Well , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about events that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
The suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , robbery me the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide makes suicide .
For most people suicide , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think about hurting somebody else .
They simply want their own pain .
Usually , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I have responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and called suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved in , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
And for that time , I 'd put my hand on three occasions .
On the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped in .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge is not kill themselves .
Also , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the next one that they drop out of side , they realized they had made a mistake , and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge , that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us must be striving for .
The suicide can prevent .
There 's a help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior , you know what you are , and a question you mark : How do you become ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that finally had achieved the dream that I had ever been in .
My foreign outside , I finally went to my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , which I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you 've got it <unk> , you get it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that , just , I 'm starting .
We all became our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered to be accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my neighbors , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called this epiphany .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` child , '' when I was born due to the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always carried this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
gender has always been considered a <unk> , but now we know that , actually , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never dared to share my story , not because I thought it will be what I 'm bad , but how the world deals with those of us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's an Indian goddess at <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night she asked me , `` Why have you not engaged in beauty ? ''
He told me that if I was going to take it over to her fees and costume fees , and that night , he won in the bathroom , I won my head suit , and I got third finalist among over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people may say that their first job was the queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , called me , and she told me that she 's passed my application on the green card that I could go to live to live .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and she said , `` You know , if you get a ticket to the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I had my surgery in Thailand at 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most smelly , sophisticated surgeries .
In that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to be done with surgery before they changed the name and the gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F , '' of female gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears looked <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and moved to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who graduates to live his truth , but he had to end her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live in .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the world .
And all of the 20 , November 20 , we make a global <unk> by <unk> Day .
I 'm on this scenario because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson , and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just me .
I want to do the best to help others live with no shame , no fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day there 's no longer February 20 , November .
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course , first , I 'll thank you with all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents , especially my family , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember every time I 've been to <unk> young women , and I 've biased , and sometimes when they called me , and they told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took my mom , she called my mom and say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all given a gender gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that some of the times that 's not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> them , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal patriarchal and tribal societies , parents generally meet them for their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
He started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts was taken in 2011 , <unk> the National Prize for peace , was made very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if we would take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of the injustice , of inequality , of violence and the exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when at birth , a child , their birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , neither for his father , not for his mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives her <unk> to the mother , and no one gets to the father .
And a mother is confusing a lot to have a girl .
When you give birth to the first child , the first child , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newly born daughter , when it grows , has also grown .
At the age of five years , when I should go to school , he 's home and at school admits of her siblings .
Up until the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when he comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , he 's a ban on her home without a male meal .
It 's confined to four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if you were to <unk> the code of that honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this idea of honor , not just the life of a girl , also affects the life of the family members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of her sisters in the name of honor .
And there 's a greater rule of the patriarchal societies that is called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very angry .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet , and they accepts their father 's decisions and their mother and the elderly decisions , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like , or if you marry an old man , she has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you marry it very young , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet : `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when <unk> was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there , and I looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And a lot before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I would take a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old , the <unk> in my school .
So you might ask , why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yes , I must be mentioned .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , in many developed countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
It was in a school that means recognition of his identity and his name .
One to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for your future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when we were to put on the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my writings in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and their daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I 'll sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged me to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to hold them into his personality .
And this was not just for her , just to make it .
I 've spent all of these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for emancipation .
He taught my daughters , taught the students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
We had brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
His name was <unk> .
That means a complete denial of involvement of women in all political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
The women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to the markets .
The musicians were silenced , the young girls and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few talked about , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , she got up and raised by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , was offered herself to the New York Times documentaries , and I talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> like a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and the nine of October , 2012 , was shot at <unk> in his head .
It was a day for my family and my family .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into her ear to my wife , `` I should blame her for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , do n't let you .
You will tell the right cause .
It was <unk> your life for the cause of the truth , because of the peace of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and he joined you .
They were both on the right track and God will protect it . ''
These few words I was going to spend a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe pains , and she had severe headaches because her facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that went off by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , and with my face in my face .
I 'll be okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and we 're going to give us .
We had brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries when he does n't end up his homework .
They fight his brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What about my mentoring that has made so audacious , so brave and expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm going to tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
Let 's see what I did n't .
I did n't cut up his wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and , since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> for my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you 're focusing on a brain operation .
You 're still like smart or not ?
If you 're not going to be smart , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was not gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from more than a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get them , to go on with life .
More than once I 've saved myself .
But luckily , I have a soul for me , so I decided that I would have to do that to try to get the dosage dosage , because there 's really not a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was amazed at looking at how little changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
Now , a particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and a typical chemical and a few year-old chemicals for a man in 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how it changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world , and -- -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met a number of different guys , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a bit insecure , fixing a problem that had at the front , and it just did n't happen like that .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and about what they have to go through . I 've been taking better with men .
What I was trying to do is adjust these hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , I was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation , and my creative thought , my flow of ideas .
I 'm using almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and recreating situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes , and Hobbes , look at things like this .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> thinking and inventive thinking .
And so , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have lots of great mental events , and we really enjoyed it , well sophisticated and structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to get very quickly these images , my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination just to steer the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could take the music out of your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can be able to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply going to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to reaching two recent experiments done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
Both used MRI technology , functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at a picture .
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual while imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right , is created the content of the central column on the left , and it turns out that the difference is almost somewhere .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost somewhere .
Now , let me share with you that another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were attached to creating a great pool of brain responses to the video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and meanwhile , a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain data of the scan , to show what it looked like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see your computer inference , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're okay to do that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at an image , and when you imagine that image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This is carried out with the brain scanning systems that are available today , and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do it .
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering myself for that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques , including me , hand with the recent outcome of the MRI , first we need to ask the next thing about , is this technology going to be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way of getting greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> only offer small improvements in the resolution , do not increase by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with ways slightly different , like making a <unk> .
And why does this care ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort in the MRI were to make real magnets , right ?
However , most recent advances in <unk> , ingenious solutions on coding , and <unk> , in the transmitters and receptors of FM and FM radio systems in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns embedded at the frequencies of FM radio .
So , by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of FM and FM processing patterns , we can increase in a massive form of the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into our growing knowledge of the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood of blood <unk> , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to write our ideas in direct form to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how will we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking thinking ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are great questions .
It would be irresistible as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's disease and diseases .
We have a few options more than opening up this door .
So anyway , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it 's going to take a lot more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you this evening about coming out of the closet , and not just a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet is probably telling you for the first time you love it , or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've ever gone through in life .
Everything is a hard conversation , and although our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of I 've lived in and there is something universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side Side of <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through multiple stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> Di as a litany .
And I 'll be slope that by the <unk> of my pants loop , and I 'm going to give my head my head , I would usually ask a little boy : `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there was a silent silence at the table .
I 'd put my jaw a little bit more , and I would take a coffee with my jaw .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look for his son .
But I would n't say anything , and we 're going to go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a boy between three and ten years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that I would say something .
I should have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get away with the women 's issues at the table , and I had the dates of Betty forbid .
Gloria Steinem .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
And so I took a deep breath and I went down my back , and my backs , a four-year-old child with a pink dress , staring at me , who 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
And so I took a deep breath again , got a lot of fun about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something to be confusing .
I have the short hair like a guy , and I 've seen kid clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajama . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Ah , phew , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easy conversation that I ever had ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet rooms in my life , and yes , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how it feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I 'm going to get out of my closet , it was harder than you go out of , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me you to explain to someone who have been convicted at broken banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling is more difficult than telling your child five years who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only hard .
We must stop to classify what 's hard about what 's difficult for somebody else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
I was n't the militant lesbian militant lesbian to fight any four year-old child in the coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and the moving only a muscle is the most scary I ever did .
My family , my friends , complete strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to be disappointed , and now the world would turn around purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed for so long , but if you do n't spears that grenade , you 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing Lady of honor , in my black dress and heels . walked around the tables , and I finally came around where the friends of my parents were , people who knew me for years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , were you in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , know me , know my <unk> ?
It 's very good , and he never talked about having a bride . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite show ? Will you have Grace .
And you know who you love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , checking her support , but in waiting to get her support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally he said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband is wearing pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as they have all the grenades department .
Sure , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and to realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone to do , but to do them ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations remain without my strong point .
Ask anybody that I 've ever been out .
But I 'm getting better , and I continue to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Grab your armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody genuine , the others have to know we also suffer .
Number two : Be an <unk> . It just <unk> your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you 're going to call it .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they 'll maintain the hope that that might change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most importantly -- let 's get complex .
You communicate your truth .
It will never be bothered by that .
And some of you can get safe wounded , let 's go through what they 've done , but never excuse me for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you would be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not yours .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is the one you want to write .
So next time you find them in a dark drawer , a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the history of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a computer can think about is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this thing as a criticism to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so some years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Take a step back .
Let 's first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , that you do n't know about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth , and they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know about this , that it does n't have any concept of the Earth 's intelligence , you would be forced to develop a physical theory that explained how , as far as the time in time , the asteroids that are going on the surface of a planet mysteriously will stop doing it .
And so I 'm saying that this is the same question that we 're going to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of themes through the science , across various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards a single mechanism underlying intelligence .
And in cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed for the development of intelligence , and , in particular , for the development of universal states that will define the diversity of possible futures .
Finally , in robotic movement planning , there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of the robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and put them together , I said , since a few years ago , there is an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can get from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is , what you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain the open choice , with a T 's diversity , with the diversity of possible future , yes , to an imminent time future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like it to get stuck .
Collective intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping choices open .
And so , having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How clever is it ?
Do you take the level of human intelligence ?
Do you bring artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , and I 'll show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : So research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' in their lifetime , should have the more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological <unk> connection between entropy and intelligence will be enhanced a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior does n't only correlates with the production of entropy in long-term entropy , but actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find in .
Surprisingly , <unk> could happen multiple tests of animal intelligence , playing human game games , and even making money by trading actions , all of it without you had to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it to a goal .
It just decided for his account to balance the pole .
This ability to balance has applications to have applications for humanoid humanoid , and human assistance technologies .
This capacity for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing aside opposite lengths at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a model of the model of that task .
This ability to cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see them successfully playing a real pong game against itself , <unk> its potential for play .
Here we 're going to be able to orchestrate new connections in a social network , where the friends are constantly consistent and maintains a success network .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> to organize the routes of a ship , discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to scale its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable is largely applicable in defense and logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated array of actions negotiating , successfully increasing assets under its exponentially management .
This ability for risk management is going to have broad and secure applications .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of human human behaviors of smart human behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all of a single equation that leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back at the beginning of the use of the term , the work `` <unk> , '' there was always the concept that if you 're going to get smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines grew up against us .
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart , and then they 're going to get them together and try to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all future futures is a more fundamental principle that the general intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise out of taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective .
Now , I 'm often asked , `` How is it that looking for goals of this kind of framework ? ''
So my equivalent to that statement to pass to the descendants to help you build artificial intelligences , or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoiding the restrictions in its own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a tremendous amount of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data picked up by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and replaced like the Earth planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest .
<unk> and sea ice that has been with us for millennia now , they 're disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on global scale have dramatically surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy the Earth itself .
Each of these new worlds invites to a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the sun , it can be a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , that 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track their surface is looking for clues about origins of life as we know it .
The satellites orbiting , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has lost their <unk> .
And private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the tantalizing chance of living on Mars .
But even though all these images are reminded us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> ideas and <unk> , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still remain by colonize , places that are actually <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry , oldest places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen that 's <unk> by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets drag with it a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of Mars is waiting for us to be able to save that single planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
For a lot I like exploring <unk> , I 'm deep deep with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic would tell us that the party of the fact will be a place later in the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and terrestrial preservation do n't exist .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world look like aliens .
You just find them closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the Earth , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi 's physicist asked me : You have to realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when the civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of what 's important is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to make this development .
It 's arrogant to think that it 's only going to be saving ourselves from ourselves , but planetary preservation and <unk> exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend to the hostile environments on Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'd put my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other gates and windows , and they all were fine .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get there , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend from Jeff to spend night because he had a flying back to Europe in the next morning , and I 'll give you my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure that no more expensive than a late at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd come out right stopped .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I 'm a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases your heart rate increases , <unk> the adrenaline levels of adrenaline .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid doing bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that will give you the probability of it to be a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts do n't help .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little bit embarrassed he talked about I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared me with me that I 'd been practicing with something called hindsight hindsight .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might be wrong , then he tries to figure out what you can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At the house , you 'll take a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to follow the location of the important things , where it 's right , where the fish are , which places the trees in <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
And the hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's going on in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find nuts .
And if you ask people if someone actually did the experiment , they cut out the sense of <unk> tissue , and they could still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that are moving a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys from the car , glasses of reading and passports .
So at home , you can see a place for keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For their passport , a particular drawer .
To your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place , and you 're terrified of it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone on a picture of your credit card , license drive , passport , <unk> by mail to themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can make substitution easier .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , the brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic , and you 'll get thinking .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress is not going to be at the best , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> like a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making , social decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take for a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and you 're even likely to meet people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yeah , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should be done by then , a statistician who has been asking for that most physicians do n't want to talk about , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number required to treat .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or standing in surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needed to deal with the most <unk> <unk> , what do you think ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is by the research of the researchers talking to <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another clinically adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistic and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating of muscle pain and articulate , pain GI , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to go to me , still taking medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember , under stress , you do n't think of clarity .
So , think of how you can do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have a side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that helps you to help you .
I 'm not saying that they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that is more done in the older men in 50 , <unk> cancer cancer , the number necessary to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> rectal , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before , the questions that you might assume that we would take the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice , many times , they want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and they think about it now with their family and their loved ones .
You can change it on the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that a bunch of systems go off .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face Face with a predator , is not necessary for the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it might not react fast . You could get the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the natural logical thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all faulty .
We 're all going to fail to fail .
The idea is to think about the future of how that failures could be , to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things going on in the first place .
I went back to night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set up a lock of combination together to the door , with a key of the entry door into the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages from mail I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` dreaming , '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` dreaming '' in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> ' , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a tree of <unk> , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , you 'll never be silent .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800 , and over the time , they mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story of about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught how to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
And yet , I realize that it 's not true at all .
Sound are a very important part of my life , really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , practices , behaviors and norms without compromising them .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise from eating the bag of chips ! ''
`` Do n't qualify , and when you 're eating , you do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All of this is called `` Sound label . ''
Maybe I think about the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm a lot of <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for you to nervousness the sound , which is why it 's coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
And yet , for me , to do that with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I have just four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic <unk> there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries ' spaces , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that struck me the attention ...
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my art territory .
Is it going to get me more from art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know that well that you do n't just experience through the ears .
I can feel it in a tactile way , or you experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound and <unk> sound in my artistic practice .
And everything that I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and let them go .
I started to create a new body body .
And when I introduced it to the arts community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener person .
And the sound is so powerful that well , it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose to get myself in .
There 's a massive culture around spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my own voice to communicate , to society 's eyes , it 's like I had no voice at all .
So , I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers from <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard of .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you 're not going to continue this practice , I feel like it could be persuaded by oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound as my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same can be said about a concept in <unk> .
The two of them are very , highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so that you get better at the way <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you allocated a different parameter for each finger , as facial expression , the body , the body , the speed , the body , the way , and so , while you play the piano , the English is a linear language , as if it 's only a key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers in the same way to express a concept of clear or an idea of <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' sign .
This is the `` <unk> '' sign .
I 'm looking at you .
EV : Screw you .
Oh , I 'm stuck .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , just !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lenses ?
If I had to create a sign and you 'll fold it over and again , it could be kind of like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of the day , the sun comes out and puts in .
This is `` all day . ''
If you zoom in and speed it up , the speed , visually , looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing , `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is the whole night , this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel like the third has more than the other two .
This represents the time in <unk> and how time a body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` long ago . ''
And then , `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once I was . ''
`` Time for common , '' it 's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by hands .
However , when I look at the word `` time common '' I think automatically I think about `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : hand left .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face 2 : <unk> , flashlight . ] [ In my chest : E : E , flashlight , '' I 'm going to show you a shape of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with hands .
Now we 're going to do so much in my head as the chest , something like a common time , or `` at the same time . ''
Yes , very well .
That means `` in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this is .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how three signs are very similar . They all occur in your head and the chest , but they convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and prosperous , just like the music .
Yet today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sound , it has no social value .
We have to start questioning what the social value defines , and allow us to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how to do <unk> , and you have to hear about music .
The <unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and to experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can just fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would tell me , `` You can go through everything , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom implies responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because the adults would lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that the adults also come up and they 're not very good at cleaning up each other .
The time , I 'm an adult , and I teach citizen and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk on the beach and lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches and no , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream about making a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table with <unk> , so that the kids very quickly can participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electric tools are pretty cool and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back into plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out something that we expect to work .
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , we just get information out .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
Then we created very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in the prototyping creation that we end up before lunch .
And we 'll transform light bulbs and baby cameras into accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating down through the sensor while the computer on board processing this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
We took this invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will improve you even more .
So the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and they 're <unk> with this image .
A child , maybe under 10 years , cleaning an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink , it 's water where you bathe , the water where they are fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil is also brown , and when it all mix up , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of a jet device that can be burned through all kinds of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we got this prototype with a sensor , we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children remotely .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe to address a harder problem , and I wanted to get closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered a giant waves , called tsunamis tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroy various cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear center to the water .
And today , according to an average of 300 tons , you 're still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation was disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , of time , it 's safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research for some other scientists , the Earth , the river , and we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we do n't take them , the parents did n't let him .
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with <unk> all their life .
Along with them we discussed the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we introduced ourselves pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , sprinkle and water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to date .
We get to a mile of the power of nuclear , and with the fishermen 's help from the area , we went collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking of sediment as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even begun to try and solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we made it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical optics , basically , can be built almost from everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can come true with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the old age mobility , transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation for the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin <unk> , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , one of a single thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that struggle for being free .
The <unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But the living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we took all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as <unk> parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> from the very nature of nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You act primarily as the filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that gets gradually its functionality through variation in variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , is shown on the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , is about bringing these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible for this 10 years or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines have been providing access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools across scales , large-scale structures , like this robotic arm with a span of 24 meters in diameter with a vehicle that was not very far away printing buildings , and graphs to the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , an ancient archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and has created a screen where every opening is the only size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade in Paris , <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between cells . I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combined and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allows us to design products that would be used by not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the same structural , comfortable chair and also absorb sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire us , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 'll take this surface of 44 different properties that vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies its functionality not by addition to the addition of another material or another assembly , but it 's continually <unk> and delicately in material property .
But is it the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I did n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them got stuck and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between the trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land has made trees to grow trees , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be like if the objects were made from one piece ?
Do you get to a better state of creation ?
So we 're looking for that the biblical material , the kind of <unk> material , and we found it .
The second <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we can <unk> their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp hulls , <unk> and produced paste paste .
We 've got the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , tough and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the fly and create these structures made from one material three , 100 percent recyclable structures .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural form of the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process of the printing process used to contain microorganisms , which first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture fast carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make a transition from <unk> beams , and if it grows even further , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration of the same design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of a additive form and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just that instead of adding more precious metals , there are new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called Patagonia .
We 'll put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , you combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
A converts light into sugar , the other is sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does not interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not natural selection , but evolution by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help that flow of these bacteria , and that they would reflect their function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material as the material we wanted .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they will get more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when it stretches out of one end to another , is 60 meters .
This is half the length of a soccer field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic , bright channels with life inside the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley , said , `` We 're in life , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases material ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that interconnect our skin , prescribe damaged tissue and cut our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So , you know , you know , a 3D printer printed material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're <unk> .
additive manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue , or the matrix , uniting those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first is turned on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts getting a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to better understand how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a worm silk , and at the row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that I would take a cocoon plane and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of cocoon , being transmitted directly by the environment .
Often , the silk worms will often get to death inside of their cocoons , their silk has missed and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape the raw silk form without boiling .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making of silk , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms were going to have more dark and cold areas , so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and the heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and the heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the tracks .
We were asking half silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were prepared with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much more short .
Juan Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you get biological silk , about <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion , its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks or three weeks ago , it 's a 500,000 of silk worms stretch out 1,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , they produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk card by a robotic arm , the other full empty room .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us , to form a different ecology of two materials , designers have to unite these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design of nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands for us , for the first time , is taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be about ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time ?
They can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be about ? ''
It caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who never could answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but it had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art , and she had websites , and it also played the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And usually I like to test and persist anyway , for having dedicated time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I got stuck on something else , something completely different , and I was shocked by it , and I 'm going , `` Yes ! I 've found my gosh , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a race .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all of my other passions , and let 's bring them to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me because of nothing .
I was worried to be afraid of engagement , or to be dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I would like to ask you something that I would like to ask .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned from the culture .
So we ask first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they would do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger nice answers in kids like , `` To be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
It 's going to be the Halloween costume here .
Now , this question is done over and over as we grow in different ways , the dreaming of example , to high school students , they ask you that they 're going to choose .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be about ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise in before it takes us the dream .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream with what they might be , they do n't inspire dreaming of everything that they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , albeit good adults maybe you can laugh and say , `` Oh , what 's cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine publisher in <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative patients .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate , or the real vocation , the idea that every one of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and then devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone as one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it has no goal .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
An <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if you divide into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms to get the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 're going to define any term any term you like , or you 're going to make it yourself .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see your limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressing their interests in cartography , visualization of data , journeys , math and design , when they set up <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewelry .
So , <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its eclectic eclectic skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we <unk> ourselves on something , we 're going to do that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to beginners , for have been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort spots .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to each other area that we 're going to do rarely start zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and an independent writer .
As a young boy , an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I turned in a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the mechanics of sales , when he was starting their practices , and this ability helps to write a compelling search for editors .
It 's rarely a loss of time to be having a loss of time to be linked to what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is a adaptability . That is , the ability to transform it into anything you needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , the Web pages , sometimes consultant , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of his customers .
The <unk> Company Company as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and pretend that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability , three abilities where <unk> are very adept at , and three skills that you could lose if they 're pressure to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging <unk> to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need not really creative creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They 've got out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be Yves pediatric .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams got up from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep deep and putting in ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all have to design lives and careers that we can figure out how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to <unk> , they are encouraging them to just be hope that they just are more like their fellow specialized fellow .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : You 're going to be able to do it with internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , let 's go through all the media .
That 's where you 're going to give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just saw one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit <unk> .
Embrace the intersections .
Our internal wiring takes us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> was taken to a psychiatric psychiatric psychiatric facility .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
He did n't know how to help <unk> , but let 's go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he had a autopsy , and they found strange plates and this winding in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who never had before .
The even more amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than he <unk> it given 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
And since medicine has been advanced enough .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many cancer treatments for cancer , antiretroviral for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But there 's a bit of progress in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's disease now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you wait for the age of 85 or more , the possibility of getting Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of each two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that you spend your years from your years , or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs do require an increase in the year 2050 , as we get older than the future boom .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that can not prevent , to cure or even slow their development .
We understand less of Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more times every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a annual number of deaths as cancer .
The lack of resources is due to one more fundamental cause , the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what a few people know , but the world should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even scientists , confused Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that we will get into a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you just look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to the one of a Alzheimer 's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to being a severe memory of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease , significantly life expectancy , and it 's just fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it 's odd in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami .
There are places in the paper that you 're dating .
And when it folds good , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of the sticky dots are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this winding .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what 's blocked is complex , like defuse a bomb .
It 's a cable could do nothing .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step to it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its most part , they 've reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there is a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've been able to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has yet seen it .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving normally .
These worms , on the other hand , have a protein molecules that you stick with each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and living a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But for that hope , that hope for overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have pointed over the most research , and they 've been carrying pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to go into HIV treatment at the end of 80 .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But the Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too hard to get out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's disease is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change that they need for themselves .
Let 's talk for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the <unk> Modern <unk> New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience I was doing this one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers would be asked to be done to be 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would be it ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd come to another person ?
And only ?
Well , I mean , they are getting deeper and more personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your couple of what you like about him or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say you 've ever met .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a really struck me the attention , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited to all the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to love it .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the <unk> of Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already in August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : they go on together ?
And the reason I think this question is because I 've done this question over and over the past seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the topic .
A week before the paper was published , it was really nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been reluctant to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog blog can get to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views .
And that took a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night on the night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And on Sunday , I 've already called the Today 's `` Today Show and Good <unk> America . ''
Within a month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , <unk> for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing honestly about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that life loving one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always asking the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick pursuit in the mailbox of my email with the sentence , `` still keep together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists , and I treat such a little strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
I even gave a talk , and a woman shouted up to the stage , `` Hey <unk> where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable about it .
But I was not prepared for the <unk> of the answer .
And 36 questions seemed to have <unk> their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article , which included the experiences of readers when readers of readers test in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first drive to all this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said , not every request we were both of us to do a public emergence together .
I had a television interviews , and he refused the orders of photos for us two .
I believe that I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at least qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I was not able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people said the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and then you can also tell them ?
If the answer was no , I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for powers to interpersonal students with college students , using what Aron called <unk> <unk> , progressive and mutual staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were very close to doing so much after doing that . Several later studies also used protocol and <unk> <unk> as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between the police and the community , and they 've used it with people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of eye contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately he never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a small university university university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say that you would tell you about the person who you did ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I was , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they did get better better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I was 20 , which was basically my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or she could live without it .
So I pushed into science .
I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that would be a certain way to make the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just looked at the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used as I sat down then .
And all of this knowledge has been helpful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can tell you that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than that I would reasonably demand for me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but I will remain loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the means told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way for somehow mitigate some of the risk of implicit , and this is a very appealing story , because they love us feeling wonderfully , but it 's also scary .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still follow together ?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we ask more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance away ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the history of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , a known year and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love with , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper I wrote : `` The love did n't happen . ''
They love in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it a little bit , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that choice was supposed to be .
I did n't think how many times we have to make that decision , and how much times I will continue to do that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want to be enough to have done that , and I answered 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and having to put that choice into the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did not write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose somebody , and hope that he also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in broad mountain , and in a certain way , I came like a <unk> of the forest .
And in New York City , a while ago , something that really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
So I took a wooden box , and we 'll take a dollar bill , a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some of the strangers or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species would take ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on a trip and surfing , and all these weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took off all the pages and made a kind of <unk> <unk> , and I wrapped it out and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of honeybees , and it 's throwing them to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it was growing up of size , as if I was going to go through the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same as a body of the crime .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens being invented .
First of all , the botanical -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was a lot of fun to draw in the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was gaining some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I got interested in the human form , which is sculpture of natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , which are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So , I did this for years , and my work with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
To the Hollywood `` triptych , '' I inspired Hieronymus Bosch that is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the Hollywood film . <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
It 's five feet long .
It 's got double faces , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , is Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this edge of analog mesh where they hide .
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are heading to the beacon , they 're going to commit to suicide bombers in the ocean .
The ocean is made out of thousands of elements .
This is a bird 's a bird tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the shuttle <unk> -- the shelter of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But as well as a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while by the other hand , the clouds will get clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a hominids that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a kind of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail in a half feet long a snake tail that joins in the Hollywood .
Anyway , their tail turns on fire to the <unk> of a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in an eye balloon made out of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
This brings me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each is a file of our culture , through media and material is encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at once .
They 're like cells , they get together , you divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting years old .
Each is basically a microscope block that weighs 50 pounds of a human being stuck inside .
This has a little cave on his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the input .
I 'm going to meet you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a game in the middle .
This has two heads , and you are communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside of the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
In this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio paste , a museum , a school , a book publisher that spreads the whole content that we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who and the box is living in it .
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all really made of the same matter and the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when it hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect against pain , first of the stomach , the bowels and the other organs .
And I 'll take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system for any drug to make it in the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that by <unk> any medication that gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve them to decrease the amount of virus in the blood , and increase the <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time it takes to get to the blood stream , it will be transferred , and worse for the time that it takes to reach its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is sitting idle , and it does n't easily get easily in the bloodstream of the patients who are sent to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment for life , managed by oral <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly into the warehouse of virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for the blind wound and surgery care and diabetes , they can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation <unk> .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes , open and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small laser ray on the cellular membrane with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
So the laser <unk> the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in matter microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro technology or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , applying it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll do an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> <unk> the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , and the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this is not a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body .
Yes , a cure for HIV .
This is the dream of the entire HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied local armed groups : arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these violence agents and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to the confrontation not violent .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors not government .
For example , the <unk> arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , and we have to even engage them or engage in any process of resolution of successful conflicts .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they 're fighting , how they do it , but nobody is looking at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent clash against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social services network and a military apparatus .
Similarly , Palestinians Hamas , known for his suicide bombers against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
These are multitasking .
We 'll take a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and Internet strategies .
And here you have the magazine of ISIS , printed in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups are also investing in a very complex fundraising combination , but by using cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups do something more : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put professional training programs or microfinance training .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does not deliver , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghan Afghanistan by the war , or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also be understood as well as the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an increased price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling in a vacuum , a schism gap by government , and enables these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , victory victory in 2006 can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy , or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill out gaps by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and the more sophisticated people are these organizations , we can less be able to behave as something other than a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of an territory , running all of their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will come apart .
We live in a world of states , of without state and hybrids , and the weaker the states , like the Middle East , the more part and they fill that gap , the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in no military tools .
<unk> that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and build peace .
If we understand better armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to encourage the transition of violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can gain some battles , but we do n't give us peace and stability .
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum gap , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for the feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to call myself a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started to call the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , angry with the men and hated sex , as if that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people to notice that it might be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo word .
I was amazed as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal to a man .
Nobody wants to be that a rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
With time , as I went growing , I started accepting that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , so proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same wages for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of bullying or violence .
We have a right to use easy to accessible contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing for legislative checks or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have into account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have into account these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I 'm driving to work , I hear rap music for all volume .
Although the letter swallowed to women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from yin yang <unk> is amazing .
`` Do you go through your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give me , <unk> until you hurts the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical likes .
I firmly believe in man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> care of <unk> and maintaining <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and pretty much .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have absurd fantasies of fairy tales that are actually done .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt her husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who you judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable to this same choice , the problem is that our society is embedded in a way that makes women be economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism has been ignored or <unk> , historically , the needs of color women , workers , gay and transgendered women , in favor of white women , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism I 'm a very bad feminist .
And also the next thing : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist on a pedestal .
We 're hoping that it <unk> seamlessly .
When we <unk> , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster , I consider myself to be <unk> on that pedestal before you try to put myself there .
And so many women , particularly the innovators and the team leaders , they 're afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , because I 'm not able to accomplish the little realistic expectations .
Take a take for example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist declared .
The Video Music 2014 in 2014 , on MTV , was planning in front of the word `` feminist '' from three feet tall .
It was a wonderful show , and I see this pop star , and we will embrace the feminism and to know women and young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
Now , the time of the time , cultural critics were starting endless debates if <unk> was or not just feminist .
They would take their feminism instead , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
<unk> perfection of feminist , because we 're still fighting for much , we want a lot , we need so freaking out .
We 're far beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to treat the feminism of any woman , to break it up until there is nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections at account , pass into action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists who would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until they <unk> change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does your music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad choices about this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two wonderful , wonderful , brilliant girls , and also very brave .
And it 's where they will be appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is within a much easier way to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel that a television program is about sexual violence against women as sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change your radio paste when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the film in another part when movies do n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their mates as a boxing .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't bring a number enough of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or its organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited me to participate in this kind of projects , we can also encourage them to be even more like us , welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision jobs .
We 're not a <unk> groupers . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our achievement will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will arrive at the top , people in the <unk> and movie producers and music and music and music , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and significant change .
We can also tell with the courage of feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because my voice was stolen and the feminism was helped with me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know the kids can do this to a girl .
I was treated like anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
<unk> my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that it might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the writing and the feminism , I also discovered that if it was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realizing that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we could all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , because I was exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles can be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , it 's one of the most easily diseases that can be preventable in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this one , but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something that was supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that broke the argument about autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't most scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is an stupidity ?
I think most of you know that , but millions of parents around the world continue to agree to do that vaccines will put in danger to their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism increase in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it , create all their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started to kidnap them .
<unk> organizations like <unk> <unk> refer routinely as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people about the <unk> Disease Center , what 's going on , they tend to based on sentences as `` criteria of diagnostic diagnosis '' and `` a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language is not too much the fears of a young parent who seeks to be in the face of his two-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to take a broader , why were they so small ?
Why were the cases of autism as hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is , it has less to do with slow progress and cautious science than the seductive power of storytelling .
Over the most part of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corner of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a childhood psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands in their faces , but they were guilty of panic by <unk> as when they would n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
Over the patient 's basis in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , he declared that there had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome as they pick up the reference of places as far as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria of <unk> for diagnosis of autism were very glamorous .
For example , let me give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become nine of every 10 children that were sent by other doctors to be autistic to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've kept it carefully in a refrigerator that <unk> .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that put together in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the age of two .
When his mother put one of his favorite albums , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , claiming things like the kids were just impressed by what they 'd heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , which researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of welfare mothers was pretty stupid .
And she and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter named hey .
And John knew , and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like no support services , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years before .
They launched an prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
I 'd run a suburb from London called <unk> to try and find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , while others were going to lie in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful pictures and <unk> , as Judith and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one realize these children before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in 1944 , the next year to <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article in the competition , but I avoided mentioning in his own work .
There was not even a translation to English , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was running an integrated clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music lessons , and the kids follow their games on Sunday .
Instead of blaming the parents of autism , Asperger described as <unk> disabilities in life that required compassionate forms and spaces for the course of life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called them their little teachers , and he took themselves to help the methods of education methods that were especially suited for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's seen autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in the pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He went beyond even saying , for success in science and art , a grain of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> was wrong in which autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were the ones .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
So these changes did n't get a broken bag .
Well , when <unk> and Judith worked in the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I came out `` Rain '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the haunting performance of <unk> Hoffman as Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' with four prizes of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , these first clinical trials were introduced in order to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , making people with autism and their families finally supported the support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for increases in diagnostics , a simple , powerful , seductive story , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory of autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center is that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , it 's right , autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that puzzles are because of solving new medical advances , we 're going to say `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social Ernest , and it suffers from a deficit deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger , who believed that the `` cure '' for the <unk> aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers , employers who have capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse towards an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
